la rochelle - ile de re airport is 6 km away .
bayside is situated in scharbeutz , directly on the beach and the baltic sea coast .
located in slavske , 49 km from truskavets , koval ' ska sadyba boasts a barbecue and ski storage space .
located in the heart of the viking trail on the great northern peninsula , this hawke ' s bay inn features an on - site restaurant and lounge .
sanbona - designerapartment deluxe offers a modern and stylish apartment , which features a fully - equipped kitchen , a seating area and a private bathroom with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
the valley of the temples is 6 km from the property .
this guest house is an 800 - year - old building in the heart of rothenburg ob der tauber .
situated just 1 . 5 km to bangla road , lamai apartment is 16 km from phuket bus station and 40 km from phuket international airport .
the kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher , an oven and a microwave , as well as a coffee machine .
a range of local restaurants are located within a 3 - minute walk from the property .
the torre guaceto reserve is 8 km from the property .
featuring air - conditioned units with a modern décor , hotel labella bergama offers a garden and an outdoor pool with free parasols and sun loungers .
trapani harbour is 2 . 5 km from casa vacanze primo piano . the historic centre of trapani is reachable in 5 minutes by car .
free parking is provided upon request ( subject to availability ).
you will find a coffee machine in the room .
a tv and a safety deposit box are also provided .
each room here will provide you with air conditioning and a seating area . featuring a bath or shower , private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and bathrobes .
baan da - laar boutique rooms pranburi is a 15 - minute drive from patravadi theatre / vic hua hin .
the free ski bus stops 100 metres away .
guests can enjoy a cocktail or bar snacks at the badian lounge bar which also has a library area .
the tiefe stollen visitor ' s mine is a 10 - minute walk from the hotel restaurant vogthof .
the moulin vert hotel overlooks a small public garden in the 14th district and has a 24 - hour reception .
it offers a sauna , a swimming pool and a hot tub .
fethiye city centre is 40 km from this pet friendly property .
there is also a kitchen , fitted with a dishwasher and oven . a microwave and toaster are also offered , as well as a coffee machine and a kettle .
the ski resort of hania is a 20 - minute drive .
the on - site restaurant provides traditional french cuisine and outdoor dining in the warmer months .
all rooms are equipped with a satellite tv .
penzion beny has a large garden with a swing , gazebo and barbecue facilities .
free parking is available at a location nearby .
continental breakfast is included .
all units feature a fully equipped kitchen or kitchenette with a dining area , a flat - screen tv with satellite channels and a bathroom with a washing machine .
located in nabran , 500 metres from the caspian sea , atlant hotel is a holiday resort surrounded by forest and offering a large water park with outdoor pools and water slides .
with free wi - fi , the air - conditioned rooms include a flat - screen tv , a minibar and a balcony .
bed & breakfast sous les toits de paris is a modern studio set on the top floor , located 700 metres from gare de l ' est .
airport buses leave from a stop located just opposite the hotel .
the hotel also has free parking .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including rock climbing , cycling , fishing and hiking .
each comes with air conditioning / heating facilities , a tv and an electric kettle .
extras include bed linen and a fan .
the house offers a garden with terrace and barbecue facilities .
playa blanca is 29 km from terrazas de lanzarote , while corralejo is 39 km away .
castro marina can be reached by a shuttle stopping nearby .
the property can organise transfers to trapani birgi airport , san vito lo capo and erice .
free private parking is available .
apartments at toftegaard bed & breakfast have a private patio , a small kitchenette and a private bathroom with shower .
the beach is just 70 metres away .
free wi - fi is available throughout the hotel .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including skiing , cycling and fishing .
wifi is free , while bikes can be rented on site .
busan asiad stadium is 6 km from the lazzi hotel , while seomyeon is 8 km from the property .
the beaches of pozzallo are a 15 - minute drive from this holiday home .
the oerlikon ost tram station is 100 metres from the property .
an in - house chef prepares daily breakfast , as well as lunch and dinner upon request .
equipped with free wi - fi and flat - screen tvs , guest rooms are bright and have an elegant décor .
within 5 km shops can be found and within 9 km restaurants can be found .
surrounded by landscaped gardens , kavalla forest villas is a complex of 2 - level villas with a fully equipped kitchen set around a swimming pool with sun terrace .
quinta do sobreiro is extensive property surrounded by nature that offers great outdoor areas , an outdoor swimming pool and is perfect for a large group of friends or an entire family . located in the scenic town of ponte de lima , this house features free wifi .
the spa centre includes a heated indoor pool , a sauna and a turkish bath . beauty treatments and massages are also available .
flamengo beach is 15 minutes ’ drive from the homestay , and salvador shopping mall is 18 minutes ’ drive away .
spa volcánico ( 500 m2 ) is open to the public and offers 25 treatments including massages , exfoliation with volcanic ashes , facials , steam baths , roses baths , manicure , pedicure , among others , all of them provided by professional therapists .
the accommodation gives guests the option of bringing their own bedding or hiring it from the property .
provided with free wi - fi access , it is 2 km from strasbourg train station and 9 km from the airport .
several cafés can be found within a 5 - minute walk of the property .
room service is available .
this card offers many free benefits and discounts , including free use of local cable cars and buses .
shenzhen dajiangnan hotel is located in dongmen commercial centre , just beside dongmen pedestrian street .
a sea view of the sanya bay is displayed through the windows of some guestrooms .
at nueva estancia you will find a terrace . the property offers free parking .
longchamp racecourse is 3 km away .
many activities are available in the area including hiking , cycling , surfing and museum visits .
the nearest airport is bolshoye savino airport , 13 km from apartment baumana 19 .
hotel rio playa blanca has a restaurant and lounge - bar .
it also features a free wifi , free parking on site , barbecue facilities and a terrace .
la janda is just 15 minutes ’ drive from some of the most spectacular beaches of the costa de la luz , including el palmar and los caños de meca .
all accommodations offer views of luanda .
perfectly situated in the cultural heart of the san francisco bay area between san francisco and silicon valley , the inn is only minutes away from a number of main attractions .
phonethip guesthouse pakbeng is 10 minutes ’ walk from the mekong river . the popular tribe village is a 20 - minute drive away .
the resort of albena is 5 km and golden sands is 7 km away from hotel varna .
located 1 . 2 km from the centre of sainte - maxime and the beach , villa romuald offers an outdoor pool and a garden set in a 1600 m2 estate .
avra hotel is situated in the old town of parga , just steps from the castle .
each air - conditioned room is equipped with a cable / satellite tv , fridge and coffee / tea maker .
the nearest airport is ben gurion airport , 13 km from the property .
for your comfort , you will find slippers and free toiletries .
simply furnished , the rooms of oasis open out to a private balcony from where you can enjoy views over the pool or the green surroundings of epirus .
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower .
every room at the property includes elegant chalet - style décor with a tv .
a fridge and a stovetop can be found in the kitchenette .
it features a private pool and enjoys unobstructed views of the aegean sea . free wi - fi is offered throughout .
you will find a shared kitchen at the property , where you can also prepare breakfast .
a shower is provided in the bathroom .
the air - conditioned accommodation will provide you with a seating area with sofa and work desk .
rooms are simply furnished and provide spacious interiors .
staff at the 24 - hour front desk can assist with luggage storage and tour arrangements .
the quinta do troviscal is an 80 - minute drive to the lisbon international airport .
the en suite bathroom has a shower and free toiletries .
a flat - screen tv with satellite channels is provided .
a 10 - minute drive to phuket siam niramit , the auto place offers free wi - fi throughout the property . free private parking is available at a nearby location .
a 5 - minute drive from mumbai international airport , waterstones hotel offers cosy rooms with a flat - screen cable tv . it features a variety of recreational facilities and a restaurant .
plaza cibeles also provides a variety of bus connections .
free wi - fi access is available .
guests will be able to enjoy the football fields and basketball courts , plus there is a designated terrace where other activities can be arranged .
featuring wooden fittings and a private balcony , air - conditioned rooms all come with a personal safe .
free parking is available , in fist come first served basis .
offering a garden and magnificent cretan sea viiews , villa myrto offers accommodation in hersonissos , 1 km from the centre .
the guest house also offers car hire .
the house offers wooden décor , a tv and stunning sea views .
the nearest grocery store can be found within 20 metres from apartmany respect .
you can play tennis at the property , and free use of bicycles is available .
this parksville hotel is located on vancouver island , on parksville beach .
the property offers free parking .
the nearest grocery shop , restaurants and bars are located within 200 metres .
rooms at city hotel bad neuenahr - ahrweiler include an en - suite bathroom with bath or shower and cable tv .
free private parking is available on site .
the property offers spacious apartments with air conditioning and a private kitchen .
the lobby lounge features comfortable sofas and tables .
offering an indoor heated pool , this beachfront resort is located in ocean shores , washington .
with soundproofing , simply furnished rooms have parquet floors , an lcd tv and sofa .
breakfast is served in the breakfast room or in the portico with views of the sea .
guests can request shuttle services and park their cars free of charge on spot .
free wifi is available throughout the property .
the sporthotel ' s restaurant serves typical alpine specialities and italian cuisine .
shops , bars and restaurants are within a 3 - minute walk of the property .
free internet access is available in public areas .
lannigans youghal restaurant serves international cuisine , overlooking the stunning atlantic ocean .
the property features views of the city and is 400 metres from novy vek shopping centre .
free wifi access is available .
the hotel also offers car hire .
it has a 24 - hour café and provides ayurveda massages on request .
it features a garden and bbq facilities .
a convenience store is located in the lobby .
guests can use a shared bathroom .
holiday home grønnevænget v offers a whirlpool .
the old town and the leaving point for walks in the tavignano valley are a 5 - minute walk away .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a bath or shower .
this classic english - style hotel is located in the heart of berlin , a 2 - minute walk from checkpoint charlie .
the hotel offers a business centre , laundry and fax / photocopying services .
fourways inn is 10 minutes ’ walk from belmont ferry .
each room offers a balcony with sea view , a flat - screen tv with cable channels , a desk and a fridge . the private bathroom comes with a hairdryer , free toiletries and a shower .
divine paradise hotel provides elegant accommodation in south delhi , offering easy access to popular tourist attractions like qutab minar and the india gate .
nestled in the countryside of vitré , this renovated hostelry offers outstanding comforts while preserving its brittany authenticity and charm .
the nearest airport is murcia - san javier airport , 27 km from the property .
copacabana ' s vista mar luxo is also conveniently located a 10 - minute walk from restaurants , bars and supermarkets .
located around a 10 - minute drive from rawai beach and rawai pier , shalimar is a 20 - minute drive to phuket downtown .
free wi - fi is provided in all rooms and public areas .
boasting an indoor swimming pool , sauna and a hot tub , park inn by radisson sharon is located a short drive off interstate 80 in west middlesex .
a variety of international favourites and asian specialities are on offer at tiffin restaurant .
private parking is free .
a washing machine and bed linen are included .
this non - smoking property houses a restaurant serving a tasty selection of local dishes on site .
some also have a patio with beautiful views of the surrounding mountains and the garden .
with award - winning full english breakfasts , free wi - fi , and free parking , the property is just a short walk from the beach .
a continental breakfast is served every morning .
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings , including horse riding , windsurfing and cycling .
the pool bar offers a range of refreshing drinks made with exotic fruits .
tbilotel features a 50 - person conference hall , a fully equipped business centre , free private parking and free wifi .
the nearest airport is orlando international airport , 18 km from the property .
neptuno beach apartment offers accommodation in las palmas de gran canaria , 800 metres from parque de santa catalina . the apartment is 800 metres from centro comercial el muelle .
wi - fi is free .
spacious rooms have a seating area , a safe and cable tv .
the coura riverside area is an 8 - minute drive away .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling .
voronok train station is 2 . 5 km from the property .
rooms include a flat - screen tv with satellite channels and dvd player .
pula airport is located 6 km away and a pick - up service is available upon request .
burj khalifa is 1 km from hometown - central park , while the dubai fountain is 1 . 2 km from the property .
situated in moniga in the lombardy region , this detached holiday home is 37 km from verona . the air - conditioned unit is 7 km from sirmione .
guests can relax on the furnished terrace or in the back yard with barbecue facilities .
north sydney station and ferry wharf are both a short 5 - minute drive away .
built according to the traditional architecture , magic mountain is located in klafsi village among a lush forest .
all rooms at rødby lystskov have wooden floors and a refrigerator , while bathroom facilities are shared .
the restaurant at su solianu serves sardinian specialities .
novorossiysk is 41 km from guest house na lenina 17 , while vityazevo is 12 km from the property .
they are all fitted with pleasant garden , mountain or creek views .
grandfather mountain is 18 . 4 km away .
towels and bed linen are available at apartment arendoo in complex iglika .
la palma airport is 35 minutes ’ drive away .
guests at the castelo can dine in one of two restaurants .
the slopeside rentals feature a fully equipped kitchen and a private balcony .
the a2 motorway in a 50 - minute drive away and pension belau ’ s hof provides free private parking .
this ace hotel is located 4 . 5 km from roanne train station .
within 3 . 5 km and 7 . 0 km shops and restaurants can be found .
tesco hypermarket is within a 5 - minute drive , while the famous port dickson beach is a 30 - minute drive away .
other facilities offered at the property include grocery deliveries and meeting facilities .
every morning , guests can enjoy a continental breakfast at auberge lapointe .
артемида features free wifi .
the airport is just 15 minutes ’ drive away .
the other lakes in the salzkammergut region are also very close .
guests can use the garden ' s bbq facilities free of charge .
appartamento da sergio is 15 km from the san martino di castrozza ski area .
this small rural hotel is surrounded by tropical gardens and features an outdoor swimming pool . pousada lua luana also features an on - site orchard , a sauna , games room , meeting facilities and a volleyball court .
at my resort hua hin service apartment by chutha you will find a garden and a terrace . other facilities like laundry facilities are offered .
daily breakfast service is offered .
hotel golf campoamor has a fitness centre and offers more than 100 , 000m2 of sports facilities .
the closest bus stop is 500 metres from villa pelekanos .
the bathrooms are spacious and luxurious . each features large windows , mosaic tiles , and a bath or shower .
the casa mia offers a homely atmosphere .
the resort has a fully equipped seminar hall for holding meetings .
guests can relax in the 400 m2 garden and have an evening bbq during a romantic sunset .
the pantheon , jardin du luxembourg and botanical garden are all within easy reach .
for your comfort , you will find bathrobes , slippers and a hairdryer .
kingman airport is less than 45 miles from hualapai lodge .
the air - conditioned rooms at knights inn paxinos feature a flat - screen tv .
all air - conditioned rooms include balcony , a flat - screen cable tv , a phone and a minibar .
additional extras , such as on - site guest laundry facilities and free parking , ensure a comfortable stay .
apart ferienraich is located in the pitz valley , 4 km from arzl and 10 km from the hochzeiger ski area .
hamamni baths is 100 metres from zanzibar lodge , while the haven is 100 metres from the property .
a buffet breakfast is served daily and includes french pastries , bread , cheese and ham .
with free wi - fi in all areas , valencia is located in barcelona , a 15 - minute walk from gaudí ’ s casa batlló .
you can enjoy mountain view from the room .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , the smithsonian institution is 7 minutes ’ drive from p street studios .
there are 4 bars and lounges set around the hotel .
activities near the hotel atlantik include golf , tennis , and cycling .
each morning brekafast is served buffet style .
additional amenities include free wireless high - speed internet access , free newspaper monday through friday , free coffee and free parking on premises .
daily continental breakfasts including homemade breads and jams are provided .
each room here will provide you with air conditioning .
a 5 - minute walk from faliraki beach , antonios hotel offers rooms and self - catered studios with private balcony .
some cottages feature air conditioning , gas log fire , spa bath and ocean views .
certain units include views of the river or garden .
there is also a beach taverna with snacks during the day .
the property has a private beach area and car hire is available .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out hansa - park ( 300 metres ) and sierksdorf - hof ( 2 . 3 km ).
just 3 miles from ilford , apple lodge is situated in london , a 2 - minute walk from east ham tube station .
karyatides lies 6 . 5 km from the beach of agios fokas and tinos town .
each has a private bathroom with a bath or shower or both .
holiday home hallumvej esbjerg v xii is located on a closed natural plot in hjerting .
the on - site restaurant serves mediterranean and asian specialities for lunch and a menu featuring local dishes for dinner .
penzion gabriel is located in the town vysoké tatry , at the feet of the high tatras .
the apartment features modern design and is fully equipped for a holiday stay .
located in antalya , utku rooms & houses antalya has a garden and an outdoor pool . free wifi access is available throughout the premises .
guests can stay entertained with a tv , dvd and cd player .
free private parking is available on site .
each room at this hotel is air conditioned and comes with a tv with satellite channels .
the 3 - star luz hotel welcomes you in foz do iguaçu offering free wifi and rooms equipped with air conditioning , telephone , cable tv and minibar .
free private parking is provided on site .
featuring free wifi throughout the property , lake front homestay offers accommodation in kandy , 300 metres from lakeside adventist hospital .
at rooms kancelir you will find a garden and a terrace .
the unit has a living area with sofas , free wifi and a satellite tv . the private bathroom comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
there is a shared kitchen at the property .
this holiday home is 69 km from galileo galilei airport in pisa .
portaventura theme park is less than 10 km away and tarragona is 23 km away .
rooms have rustic tuscan - style décor and far - reaching views of the mountains .
less than 100 metres from discovery shopping mall , water boom theme park and kuta beach , kuta station hotel and spa offers an outdoor lap pool with sun loungers .
it is located in the lower saxon town of elze , between hildesheim and hameln .
each of the 3 bedrooms at daslichtenberg westside has a balcony , flat - screen tv and bathroom with rain shower and hairdryer .
just a minute walk from the entrance of the egyptian pyramids park , sphinx guesthouse giza offers air - conditioned accommodations with views of the sphinx and pyramids .
breakfast can be served daily on request .
makarska bus station is at a distance of 800 metres , while the ferry port is within 1 km .
the front desk offers 24 - hour assistance , as well as concierge service .
the nearest airport is minsk - 2 airport , 30 km from the property .
cologne ’ s old town and famous cathedral are about a 15 - minute walk away , across the river rhine .
there are shops , restaurants and bars located in sant carles de la rapita .
the air - conditioned rooms feature flat - screen cable tv , cd player and telephone .
the restaurant offers piedmont specialities that are served out in the garden in july and august .
the stubentor metro stop ( line u3 ) is 100 metres away , and the city park is 220 metres away .
hilo international airport is 44 . 7 km drive away .
tranum beach is an 8 - minute drive from the holiday house .
you can enjoy sea view from the room .
the wellness hotel villa siesta is situated in the mountainous scene in the heart of the high tatras - in nový smokovec .
hoang yen restaurant serves a buffet breakfast , while local dishes are available at lotus restaurant .
the restaurant offers buffet and à la carte selections .
the award - winning langley castle was built in 1350 , during the reign of edward iii .
it offers free wi - fi in public areas , a billiard table and a spa with a sauna and a heated , outdoor hot tub .
edificio playa azul features a shared outdoor pool and garden area .
naberezhnye chelny train station is 20 minutes ’ drive from costa hotel .
the historic guimarães city is 8 km from casa das eirinhas , and braga is a 38 - minute drive .
luxury beds and satellite tv are standard features in each sunlight hotel conference & spa guest room . the spacious rooms also have a seating area .
featuring direct access to the beach , 45 croisette - grand hôtel residence offers self - catering apartments in the residence portion of the hotel located a 10 - minute walk from the palais des festivals in cannes .
you also have discounts at a partner restaurant located nearby .
the house is 10 minutes ' walking from city centre , shopping , bars and restaurants .
alternatively , apk offers massage services and spa treatments .
other local activities include tree climbing and canoeing at brumath adventure park , just 3 km from the property .
offering a restaurant , fosters west bay resort is located in roatán , right on a beautiful caribbean beach .
50 guest house features free wifi .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out pula golf 2 . 4 km from the property .
free wifi access is available .
both bathroom includes a bath , massage shower and toilet .
this holiday home comes with a mountain view , a fireplace , a tv , a dvd - player , a cd - player , a radio , a fully equipped kitchen with a dining table , a seating area , a sofa bed , a private bathroom with a shower , an additional bathroom and free toiletries .
this rustic - style guest house is located in the north of tolyatti , between tsentralniy and avtozavodskiy districts .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
there is a private bathroom with a bath in every unit .
the property offers free parking .
you will find a variety of restaurants and shops in the vicinity .
free truck and recreational vehicle parking are offered as well .
the wyndham hotel is within easy walking distance of many of london ' s major attractions .
palazzo ducale is 200 metres from le case della ste .
hallingskarvet national park is a 25 - minute drive away .
drinks can be enjoyed at the bar .
bright and spacious , rooms at h2o termal are fitted with air conditioning .
the en suite bathroom offers shower facilities .
bangla road is 1 . 2 km from panoramic city view apartment at patong , while phuket simon cabaret is 2 . 5 km away .
quinta devonia is located in funchal and features accommodation in quaint homes , with a green surrounding area .
massage treatments are available at an additional fee , whereas bicycle rentals are possible free of charge .
at apartments in british resort you will find a garden and a bar . the property offers free parking .
the property offers free parking .
staff can provide information about palamós and the surrounding area .
hotel parque zabal is located 100 metres from fusagasuga town centre .
hotel del principado tijuana is situated only a short distance from the numerous shops at plaza rio .
at hotel la mochica you will find a 24 - hour front desk .
9 de julio av . is 400 metres from apartamento downtown , while the obelisk of buenos aires is 400 metres away .
each air - conditioned apartment includes a balcony and seating area with a fireplace and tv .
free parking is provided and you are 3 km from cecina train station .
bicycle and car rental are available on site .
with a rural setting just outside torreano , b & b emma is 5 minutes ' drive from cividale dei friuli .
located in maceió , apartamentos & suites ponta verde maceió offers an outdoor pool .
conveniently located off highway 44 , this sullivan comfort inn offers an indoor pool and rooms with free wi - fi and cable tv with hbo .
juan santamaría international airport is located 70 km away .
cavtat is 48 km from kiparis , while bar is 46 km from the property .
there is also a children ' s playground , a tennis court and a basketball court .
the property is just a 15 - minute drive from trincomalee railway station .
baza otdykha kapitan also includes a terrace .
le magenta is located in central rennes next to the train station and gares metro station .
kristina suites offers air - conditioned accommodation in the centre of sarandë .
barbecue and water sports facilities are available on site .
located in milo , this hotel is 18 km from the piano provenzana ski slopes . the parco avventura etna theme park is 300 metres away .
at shangri - la jinshi huangchao hotel you will find an airport shuttle and a 24 - hour front desk .
meals can be served on the terrace during the summer .
this lexington hotel offers free wi - fi and rooms equipped with a work desk and flat - screen cable tv .
at michael ' s surfside hotel you will find a 24 - hour front desk and free parking .
located in koper , guesthouse bertoki offers self - catering accommodation with a terrace and garden view .
located in karlovy vary , 100 metres from saint peter and paul ’ s orthodox church and 650 metres from mill colonnade , 7k - apartmán sadová provides an equipped accommodation with balcony .
some rooms are housed in a separate building located at the end of the garden .
a rich buffet breakfast is provided each morning at the holiday inn express .
this georgian farmhouse offers elegant rooms and a guest lounge with log fires .
bhally hotel also has its own restaurant and bar .
it is located in the extremaduran town of hervás and offers great views of the ambroz valley .
relaxing ambiance , large panoramic windows , balconies , high quality furniture and comfortable beds are only some of the outstanding features of each guest room .
they are fitted with a flat - screen tv and refrigerator .
the bathroom comes with a shower and hairdryer .
located in a tranquil green spot close to the sea and the mountains of evia , anemomylos bungalows offers a lovely retreat in a small distance from the beach ( 450m ) and the city ( 750m ).
the nearest airport is novokuznetsk airport , 63 km from country house haski .
the property offers free parking .
they also have microwaves and refrigerators .
located on the seafront , it is 50 metres from the beach .
some rooms enjoy a balcony and all rooms have a city view .
guests can find a supermarket 2 km away and convenience stores within 600 metres .
each room here will provide you with a satellite tv . featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with free toiletries .
rooms are cosy and cooled with air conditioning .
you will find a kettle in the room .
it offers air - conditioned accommodation with sea views and free wi - fi access .
apartments are located in a same building in the small village of san felíu de guixols .
hotel moselpark leisure facilities include a gym , indoor / outdoor tennis courts and a range of saunas .
there is a dining area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher and an oven .
a city beach is 150 metres away .
active guests can even make the most of the on - site fitness facilities .
the private bathroom has a shower .
other facilities offered at the property include dry cleaning , an ironing service and laundry facilities .
limited number of free parking places is available on site .
other facilities offered at the property include laundry facilities , room service and daily housekeeping .
podgorica is 60 km from apartments smailagić , while kotor is 22 km from the property .
extras include a desk and cleaning products .
breakfast is included in some room rates , and daily fresh bread rolls can be delivered to you .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including hiking .
guests can recharge with a swim or lounge by the swimming pool with a drink from the bar and choose thai and western favourites or fresh seafood from dara samui beach resort and villa ' s 2 on - site restaurants .
the hotel offers bicycle rental and a packed lunch service .
free toiletries , slippers and a hairdryer can be found in the private bathroom .
a rich breakfast buffet is available at the landhotel donner in the mornings .
the church of st . nicholas is 1 . 9 km from petra pancha apartments .
guests can relax on the hotel ’ s terrace , located on the first floor and overlooking the sea .
each individually decorated villa at the marbella club provides contemporary furnishings , fully equipped kitchens and private balconies .
a daily buffet breakfast is served at the restaurant on 8th floor , while orchid restaurant serves a variety of chaozhou cuisine .
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dining area .
each has a flat - screen tv with satellite channels , and an en suite bathroom .
you can access antalya airport after a 1 - hour drive .
enjoy breakfast or a meal with fresh , well - chosen dishes alongside a selection of craft beers and cocktails .
buffet breakfast is served and can be served on a terrace with mountain view or in a highland style winter garden .
guests can enjoy the on - site bar .
front desks staff is available 24 hours a day and can arrange quad rides and concierge services .
holiday home majgårdsvej dnmk is located in ebeltoft .
holiday home grynderup strand roslev is located in roslev , right on the water ( 30m ).
free wi - fi is available at the reception and there is a garden at the foot of the mountains .
within 15 minutes on foot , the st . nedelya church and the tzum shopping mall can both be reached .
the vatican is a 10 - minute walk away .
guided visits can be organised on daily basis .
a daily continental breakfast is served at the sacramento larkspur landing .
it is located in mülheim , less than 1 km away from the city centre and the ruhr river .
at albergue de sorogain you will find a garden , a terrace and a bar .
for a surcharge , the property also offers an afternoon package , comprising tea , coffee and cake and free access to the minibar .
it offers a self - catering apartment with free wi - fi and a balcony providing impressive city views .
bread , cereals and cakes feature in the italian - style breakfast served daily , while ham , eggs and cheese are available upon request .
the pokhara airport is 18 km away .
hotel amenities and features include , free wireless high - speed internet access in all rooms and public areas , free local calls , and free usa today .
extras include air conditioning . a washing machine and a tumble dryer are included for added convenience .
centrally located between the hilo and kailua kona , the hawai ' i island inn is located in naalehu on big island , hawaii .
at zhiwa ling hotel you will find a 24 - hour front desk , a garden and a terrace .
2 local restaurants can be found within 200 metres for dining .
guests can relax in the hot tub and rooms offer mountain views and a flat - screen cable tv .
there is also a conference room that can accommodate up 14 people , with audio - visual equipment available on request .
the sport promotion apartment is decorated with warm tones , elegant furniture and parquet floors .
the comforsuite is well communicated with local services such as restaurants , bars and public transport .
featuring free wi - fi and a shared kitchen , this hostel is located 15 minutes ’ drive from the ice palace arena - omsk .
there is a shared lounge at the property .
extras include cable channels .
the váci street can be reached within 750 metres .
offering a sun terrace and views of the garden , appartement stemval is set in budva .
housing 2 dining options , guests can enjoy authentic chinese dishes served at fantasy restaurant and tasty japanese dishes offered at feeling restaurant .
you can enjoy garden view from the room .
set on the banks of lake laux , this hotel residence is 15 km from the val troncea natural park .
the property offers free parking .
breakfast is served every morning in the breakfast room or , upon request , in the guest rooms at mercure hotel brussels centre midi .
parelduyn offers luxurious studios with a french balcony or private terrace and includes free wi - fi , a flat - screen cable tv and dvd player . it features wellness facilities and is 11 km from middelburg .
bike , kayak and car hire can be arranged at reception .
other facilities include a games room , a tennis court and a children ’ s playground .
a hair dryer and telephone are also provided . wifi is also available .
offering panoramic sea views , moneglia apartment 3 includes a kitchenette and balcony .
located just a 3 - minute walk from jr toyama station , hotel prime toyama serves complimentary breakfast to its guests .
the kettle is the ideal base to explore the ring of kerry and the dingle peninsula .
a pillow menu is also offered .
features include a tennis court , 2 adult and 2 children ’ s pools .
other facilities offered include a tour desk . the property offers free parking .
the apartment features a tv with satellite channels and a kitchenette . a dining table is available as well .
you can play a game of table tennis and pool at himeros club hotel .
škofja loka with its historic castle and museum is 16 km away .
manfredonia beaches can be reached by car in about 25 minutes .
poprad airport is at a distance of 8 km .
facilities also include a 32 '' flat - screen , satellite tv and dvd player .
guests are welcome to relax on the terrace or in the garden .
at ayurveda villa you will find a garden , barbecue facilities and a shared kitchen .
the 4 - bedroom house will provide you with a flat - screen tv , a living room and a dining area .
a daily healthy breakfast is served in the mercure tel aviv hotel ' s café .
breakfast is served to your room at an additional fee .
rooms combine classic - style décor and furniture with modern amenities such as an lcd tv with satellite and pay - per - view channels .
it features self - catering apartments as well as a large garden with a playground , table tennis and barbecue facilities .
at bait vegl you will find free shuttle service , a garden and barbecue facilities .
offering an outdoor swimming pool , a spa and wellness centre and a massage parlour , southern mermaid resorts is located in covelong .
tashkent international airport is 7 km from the hyatt regency tashkent .
it takes 3 minutes on foot from the property to luodong sports park .
the coliseum is a 10 - minute walk away .
the shared bathroom is complete with a bath or shower .
chisinau airport is 14 km away .
the 2 - bedroom cottage also has self - catering facilities .
marrakech menara airport is ideally located 30 km away .
the nearest airport is schiphol airport , 16 km from the property .
all apartments and studios provide a terrace or a patio with mountain or garden views .
andorra bus station is a 10 - minute walk from the hotel .
towels and bed linen are offered at apartment divny .
it offers rooms with free wi - fi .
guests can enjoy a daily buffet breakfast with chinese , japanese and western dishes in llamo ’ s bright dining room .
a microwave , a fridge and a stovetop can be found in the kitchen .
free private parking is available on site .
burgas airport is located 32 km away .
there is a cash machine and shops at the property .
at tedugal guest house you will find a 24 - hour front desk , a garden and a terrace .
featuring a patio with bbq facilities , casa ciscar is located in piles , 2 km from a sandy beach .
it is a 5 - minute walk from the archeological museum .
at casa 260 guests will find a 24 - hour front desk and daily housekeeping .
featuring a terrace , marian guest house 2 is located in the centre of rome , a 5 - minute walk from termini train station .
free private parking is possible on site .
there is free public parking nearby .
the nearest airport is bologna guglielmo marconi airport , 79 km from the property .
sudak is 6 km from guest house margarita , while feodosiya is 34 km from the property .
the private bathroom offers a walk - in shower .
the centre of kraljevica is 2 km away , while the city of rijeka is at a distance of 19 km from captain ' s apartment with sea view .
batumi airport is 42 km away .
the private bathrooms include a hairdryer and free toiletries .
room service and barbecue facilities are available .
free wifi is available .
the nearest airport is pula airport , 45 km from apartment in porec with three - bedrooms 1 .
guests can also enjoy a homemade four - course meal upon request , which can be served on the terrace or in the dining room .
some rooms come with a refrigerator and an electric kettle .
offering a view of sept - îles bay in sept - îles , québec , hôtel le voyageur features an on - site bar and guest rooms with a private entrance and mini - bar .
the hostel is 1 . 0 km from bus station , 800 metres from church of nossa senhora de nazaré and 900 m from lake ' s shopping .
city beach is a 15 - minute walk away .
hostal pucllana is 20 km from jorge chavez international airport .
rooms at capo dei greci feature satellite tv , a minibar , and a private bathroom with hairdryer .
it has a green garden .
offering a spa centre and a private beach area , the westin shimei bay resort is situated in wanning in the hainan region . guests can enjoy the on - site bar .
fairlawns guest house is a family run bed and breakfast located in the heart of banbury , in oxfordshire .
free wifi is available throughout the property .
apartament palma de mallorca is a self - catering accommodation located in the very centre of palma de mallorca . free wifi access is available .
set in the centre of harrachov ski resort , 100 metres from the čertova hora ski slope , the family - run guest house pension & restaurant krakonoš offers a breakfast buffet and a sun terrace . free wifi is available .
some rooms come with air - conditioning .
fitted with air conditioning , apartments and studios at residenza dell ' olmata - my extra home feature a 32 - inch led tv and an equipped kitchenette with a dishwasher .
a kitchenette , separate seating area , and flat - screen cable tv are provided in the apartment as well as a ocean view .
activities in the surrounding area include cycling and hiking .
set 400 metres from the sea front and the beach la grande plage , au bon coin offers a bar , lift , terrace and free wifi throughout .
you will find a shared lounge at the property .
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge .
to catch up on the latest live sports competition , head over to the cosy and rustic street - side sports bar n hood where ice - cold beers and flavourful chicken wings . for those looking for relaxation , the rooftop lounge senses overlooks the ocean , boasts an outdoor pool and serves premium cocktails .
interlaken is located 43 km from the property , while gstaad is 39 km away .
equipped with a flat - screen tv and a minibar , it offers large bathrooms with a rain shower and a bathtub .
a full kitchen provides an oven , stove , microwave , refrigerator , and coffee maker . a dining table with chairs is available .
all rooms have free wi - fi .
this holiday home is 500 m from the sea and 65 km from billund airport .
all rooms offer free wi - fi .
free parking spaces are available on site and a ski bus stop is 200 metres away .
it is a 10 - minute drive from beaches , boutique shopping and dining options in both rye and portsea .
main railway station is only 1 . 5 km away .
featuring a beachfront location , apartments bombona offer air - conditioned accommodation with free wifi access in utjeha .
for convenience , a 24 - hour front desk and private parking are available .
it provides a shuttle bus service to the hua - hin night market .
wi - fi is free throughout .
the kinbu gardens are a 5 - minute drive away and achimota golf club is a 20 - minute drive away .
holiday homes d also includes a barbecue .
it offers free wifi access .
free wi - fi access is available .
guests have free parking and the nearest bus stop is just 350 metres away for destinations around the lake .
set in the picturesque village of elham , this refurbished 16th - century inn has en suite rooms , a traditional pub and a garden with views across the elham valley .
they include a seating area and a private bathroom with italian shower , free toiletries and a hairdryer .
the restaurant serves classic italian cuisine for dinner .
guest rooms at this rhode island travelodge include a 32 - inch flat - screen cable tv with hbo , a microwave , a small refrigerator , a coffee maker and ironing facilities . a large work desk and a seating chair are also offered in every room .
free wifi is available throughout the property and free private parking is available on site .
the dry cleaning , ironing service and laundry facilities are available at a surcharge .
free private parking is available on site .
the unit is 5 km from odessa archaeological museum .
the puglia coastline is 20 km away .
this homestay is 15 km from saïss airport .
there is a well - equipped , common kitchen where guests can prepare their own meals .
its private bathroom includes bathrobes and free toiletries .
tobu shinagawa hotel is a 35 - minute train ride from asakusa area and a 20 - minute train ride from shibuya station .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling and hiking .
the st . stephen ' s basilica and the chain bridge are within a distance of 800 metres .
the hotel is a 10 - minute drive to promthep cape .
delicate cuisine awaits guests ' arrival at the on - site restaurant .
hotel lisa is centrally located in donghae - si , just 780 metres from hanseom beach .
at old town guesthouse b & b you will find a terrace . other facilities offered at the property include a games room and luggage storage . the property offers free parking and a tesla supercharging station and a clipper creek electric car charging station for overnight guests .
featuring a garden with bbq facilities and free wi - fi throughout , b & b il soccorso offers rooms in mercatello sul metauro .
each room has a private bathroom with a walk - in shower and free toiletries .
the bright and warmly furnished rooms at innkeeper ' s lodge hull , willerby each include an en suite bathroom with free toiletries and a hairdryer .
borjomi likani homestay features free wifi .
free wi - fi is provided in all areas .
this property is 6 km from bon accord lagoon and 4 km from arthur napoleon raymond robinson international airport . piarco international airport is 84 km away .
just 5 minutes ’ walk from queen victoria market , this apartment offers free wifi and a balcony .
the apartment is 2 . 7 km from peak 8 superconnect .
for the convenience of those who drive , parking is free .
featuring free wifi and air conditioning , alden residence is situated in kargicak , 17 km from sapadere canyon .
the property can provide barbecue facilities and laundry services .
starting summer 2016 children can also enjoy the hotel ' s new playground .
the residence offers studios and apartments with balcony or terrace .
guests can make use of the fax and photocopying facilities to catch up with their last - minute work . car rentals are available for those explorers .
the private bathroom comes with bathrobes , scales and a hairdryer .
guests can relax on the sun terrace .
narimanovo airport is 9 km away .
the property is a 20 - minute drive to phuket bus terminal 1 and rawai beach .
at pousada areia da praia there is a 24 - hour front desk for assistance .
coming with classic designs , the units are equipped with air conditioning , a work desk , a minibar and a flat - screen tv with cable and satellite channels .
guests can enjoy relaxing massage at the spa and wellness centre .
luxumbourg - city is a 20 - minute drive away .
best western dammam hotel has a restaurant and room service .
le crescent hotel ghaziabad is located 2 km from noida expo centre and houses a fitness centre , a restaurant and provides free private parking on site .
the spacious lobby is an ideal meeting point for friends and business colleagues , or there is the wood - panelled bar where you can enjoy afternoon tea , cocktails and light snacks . an open fire provides a cosy focus in winter . the award - winning crescent restaurant has a light and airy feel , with tall windows .
breakfast consists of a variety of sweet and savoury options , while the restaurant serves typical regional and mediterranean cuisine .
guests can also find a large choice of restaurants in lille city centre , 36 km away .
located in vence , la tour du pin offers self - catering with an outdoor pool .
situated by lake talvijärvi in ruka ski resort , hotelli rukatonttu offers free wi - fi and rooms with a flat - screen tv and a drying cabinet for clothes .
chiado is 1 . 9 km from feels like home - charming graça duplex , while liberty avenue is 1 . 9 km away .
the hilton garden inn valdosta has an outdoor pool and gym .
the property boasts views of the city and is 7 km from dalt vila .
villa l12 danang is an exquisite property featuring a spacious , three - bedroom villa with a private pool and free wifi . there is a restaurant , fitness centre and barbecue facilities for guests to enjoy .
there are concerts organised at the nearby music academy which guests may attend free of charge .
this luxury property offers stylish accommodation with easy access to a crystal clear lagoon .
it offers a swimming pool and air - conditioned rooms with an lcd satellite tv . wi - fi is free throughout .
linen and towels are changed every 3rd day .
the nearest airport is federico fellini international airport , 2 km from hotel marzia .
les domaines du hourdel offers self - catering apartments a 5 - minute walk from the beach and a 10 - minute drive from the medieval town of saint - valery - sur - somme .
it opens onto a large garden , equipped with table and chairs .
the surrounding countryside is perfect for long walks or hiking , and watersports can be enjoyed on the lake .
the bathrooms come with two showers and a spa tub .
after a busy day exploring st . louis city centre , guests can relax in their room and watch cable tv .
some suites offer a private kitchenette .
the private bathrooms come with a shower and hairdryer .
a minibar and satellite tv are provided in each soundproofed room .
the riverfront entertainment park is just 10 minutes ’ drive away .
it features an extensive garden , a terrace and free wifi access throughout .
the nearest airport is pulkovo airport , 14 km from karlsson house .
there are several restaurants within a 5 - minute drive .
a few steps away it has a hot tub with panoramic sea views , sun loungers and parasols .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
guests have access to a common kitchen and a social area with free wi - fi and tv .
budapest liszt ferenc airport is 17 km away .
the hotel is just 10 minute ’ s drive from bahrain international airport and 20 minutes from the king fahad highway .
free wifi is accessible in public areas .
a fitness centre and a guest launderette are also provided .
a grocery shop can be found within 100 metres from family hotel markov ' s house .
fialka guest house is located in adler , a 5 - minute drive from the black sea coast and the olympic park .
situated a 10 - minute drive from guadalajara ’ s minerva monument , áurea hotel and suites offers a gym , outdoor pool and garden .
less than 3 km to bodrum city centre , jarra hotel is 2 . 5 km to the bitez district .
other facilities at villa theo bali include an outdoor pool .
guests can relax in the nearby grugapark botanical gardens .
located off highway 20 , this rimbey , alberta hotel offers an indoor pool with a water slide and serves a daily continental breakfast . pas - ka - poo historical park is 3 minutes ’ drive away .
its rooms offer free high - speed wifi and satellite tv .
a continental - style breakfast is available daily and includes fruit juices , cappuccinos , and croissants .
the property houses a restaurant serving a tasty selection of sri lankan food .
dishes are prepared using locally sourced produce , with daily fresh fish specials .
a wholesome breakfast is served and self catering facilities are also available .
simferopol airport is 51 km from the property .
there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
situated within the lush okavango delta , surrounded by african landscapes and bushveld , the rustic mapula lodge is a small camp offering a restaurant , bar and outdoor pool .
the castles around füssen lie only 20 km away .
free private parking is provided on site and tozeur - nefta international airport is 24 . 5 km away .
3 . 5 km from the periyar wildlife sanctuary , ambadi offers a peaceful retreat in thekkady .
the property boasts views of the mountains .
the scenic town of rethymno is at 40 km . frangokastello is at 13 km .
jeronimos monastery is 2 . 6 km from lx factory apartment , while chiado is 3 . 2 km from the property .
free wifi is offered .
there are more than 7 golf courses surrounding edinburgh , and craigentinny golf course is 20 minutes ’ walk from the guest house .
guests can relax in the mediterranean garden .
kathisma beach is 30 km and porto katsiki beach is at a distance of 35 km .
table tennis and barbecue facilities are available in the garden .
your trullo hut at the valle incantata consists of 2 bedrooms , a bathroom , and a kitchen .
decorated in colonial style , your room either boasts views of the mountain or the sea . continue to admire the scenery while relaxing in a foam bath .
the closest city is świdnica , 8 km away .
guests can also indulge in a traditional massage or soothe tense muscles at the sauna facility .
rooms have exposed - beam ceilings , iron beds and tiled floors .
lecce cathedral is 350 metres from the property .
the air - conditioned apartment includes a balcony and seating area with tv . the kitchen is equipped with a stove and oven .
you can visit saint - chaffre abbey , just 600 metres away and les estables ski resort is at 15 km .
it offers free private parking and wi - fi .
a mini oven , microwave and stove are provided for making home - cooked meals .
free wifi is featured throughout the property and a private parking is available on site .
in the winter , the b & b provides a free heated ski deposit .
each bathroom includes a hairdryer and free toiletries .
the property features a large garden .
there is also a kitchen , equipped with a dishwasher .
guests are invited to have breakfast in the veranda whilst enjoying the views of the garden .
offering a restaurant , a bar and a garden with a terrace , hotel pchelina is quietly located within a 15 - minute walk from the opsenie of st . bogoroditsa church , in the pchelina area .
guests at the hotel rheinischer hof also enjoy a complimentary ticket for the use of the local transport network during their stay .
accommodation will provide you with air conditioning , a flat - screen tv and a large sofa seating area .
pokoje goscinne nawrot is located in zakopane , just 400 metres from the train station .
offering free wi - fi in all areas , the modern hotel provides a fitness centre and a tour desk for guests ’ convenience .
la mansarde features free wifi .
“ thalassa ”, the municipal museum of the sea , is a 1 - minute walk from nestor hotel .
il cortile di eolo is 5 minutes ' walk from the harbour and ferry port in marettimo .
it is a 15 - minute walk from macau ferry terminal and the outlying island pier .
the simple rooms come with a fan and flat - screen tv .
each room offers modern facilities , including a 55 inch flat - screen tv , a nespresso coffee machine , an led rain shower and high quality cosmetic products .
at hotel uno , guests can request for luggage storage , laundry and massage services .
the bed and breakfast is 4 . 7 km from stary browar , 4 . 9 km from children hospital in poznań and 5 km from poznań central rail station .
every room is equipped with a private bathroom .
the common areas include a kitchen with a microwave , and a seating area with a sofa and desk .
there is a private bathroom with a shower .
to reach other destinations , the gea di vulcano is also very close to termini metro and train station .
free wi - fi access is available throughout .
chinatown and soho a few minutes ’ walk away , and piccadilly circus is a 5 - minute walk .
gran sur shopping centre is 700 metres from house solbeach 1 , while san eugenio shopping centre is 1 km from the property .
some units feature a seating area and / or balcony .
the nearest airport is odessa international airport , 66 km from paradise resort .
it is just a 5 - minute walk to the istanbul convention and exhibition centre .
for your comfort , you will find bath robes and slippers .
fitted with wooden floors , all air - conditioned rooms feature traditional portuguese décor .
each room has a private bathroom with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
they offer either sea or garden views .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk and hairdresser ' s at the property .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including shopping in 2 km , restaurant in 2 km , fishing in 1 . 1 km and the shore in 7 km .
the nearest airport is paris - orly airport , 17 km from lokappart - cail .
an array of activities can be enjoyed in the surroundings , including cycling , horse riding and fishing .
each room is simply furnished and equipped with a fridge .
an array of activities can be enjoyed in the surroundings , including hiking and snorkelling .
the spacious lounge also includes a sofa and satellite tv .
free wi - fi is offered in guest rooms at this merritt property .
there is an additional bathroom .
the nearest airport is budapest liszt ferenc airport , 19 km from the property .
a selection of drinks can be enjoyed at the a & o lobby bar , with a buffet breakfast is available each morning .
bairro alto , lisbon ’ s most renowned nighttime hot spot , is a 15 - minute drive away .
it is a 3 - hour drive from krabi airport .
a children ’ s playground is available .
breakfast is served daily at an extra cost and guests can enjoy their meal in the garden during the summertime .
the comfortable apartment has a balcony .
diagonal metro station is just 5 minutes ’ walk away and is 2 stops from plaça de catalunya and las ramblas .
located on the edge of the kimberley big hole , this 4 - star hotel offers luxurious rooms with a flat - screen tv .
the simply furnished rooms have a private bathroom and are equipped with a fan .
bed linen and towels are provided , and a washing machine is available .
overlooking the pacific ocean , this resort in kailua - kona , hawaii features an oceanfront outdoor pool and spacious suites with a fully equipped kitchen .
all apartments of the häus ’ l am ruan provide a bathroom , a kitchen with all amenities , such as a dishwasher , and a bedroom .
there is a private bathroom with free toiletries in each unit .
royal westmoreland golf course is a 10 - minute drive from 115 port st .
wi - fi is available and the cape town international airport is a 24 - minute drive away .
agrousadba privolie is a holiday home with free wifi throughout the property , located in lyakhovshchina . the air - conditioned unit is 20 km from minsk . free private parking is available on site .
it is located 2 km from big buddha .
guests can spend the day exploring the surrounding harz nature park by bike or on foot .
guests at the sylter deichwiesen apartment are an 8 - minute walk from westerland ’ s pedestrian shopping street and the central beach .
free wifi is featured throughout the property .
juanda airport in surabaya is 3 hours ’ drive away from the property .
each of the rooms at le châtelain hotel also features air conditioning , a minibar plus a bathrobe and slippers .
maria fumaça is 2 . 5 km away .
you will find a kettle in the room . all rooms are equipped with a private bathroom .
you will find a kettle and a fridge in the room .
gdansk lech walesa airport is 47 km away .
guests can also enjoy their meals in the privacy of their rooms .
this small hotel is located on the edge of the rural village of sint geertruid , in between maastricht and noorbeek .
located in central arashiyama district , ranzan offers accommodations with free wired internet access .
featuring free wi - fi and a german - style restaurant , this hotel is 5 minutes ’ walk from the baltic sandy beach in yantarniy town .
free on - site parking is available .
electric kettle , fridge and dining area are provided in all the business & travel apartments . each of them features contemporary furnishings and a modern design .
you can enjoy city view .
all apartments offer sea views from their furnished balcony or terrace .
istanbul ataturk airport is around 20 km away .
it offers accommodation decorated with great attention for a detail , only 70 metres away from a ski bus stop .
cardiff ' s st davids 2 shopping centre is a 5 - minute walk away .
overlooking the sea , b & b antica lampetia offers air - conditioned rooms in cetraro . it features a garden and free wi - fi in all areas .
the spa offers a wide variety of treatments including : facials , massage , moroccan & turkish bath and dead sea treatments .
offering an outdoor pool and a restaurant , the accommodation also has free wifi and a fitness centre .
apartments come with a garden - view terrace , a flat - screen tv , and a private bathroom .
at footprints villa you will find a private beach area .
at an altitude of 500 metres and surrounded by fruit trees and vineyards , family - run ferienwohnungen lanserhof is set in a farmhouse .
the hotel is 51 miles from the vancouver international airport .
after a long day you can return to the comfort of your spacious and well - appointed guest room , boasting luxurious new bedding with soft , cotton - rich linens .
the nearest metro station is the m3 and m3 junction at kálvin tér , 200 metres away .
madonna di campiglio can be reached by car in 1 hour .
to explore the area , guests can rent a car .
guimarães is 41 km from quinta de villasete .
a buffet breakfast is served on a sea - view terrace .
featuring free wifi and a children ' s playground , dinastiya korpus 1 offers pet - friendly accommodation in kabardinka .
the en suite rooms at cascina giardini are decorated in rustic style and have a minibar .
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
all rooms are en suite and include a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
from here , guests enjoy direct access to a private beach at the lake .
the 24 - hour front desk at ligaries can arrange car rental to explore the scenic town and port of ermoupolis , at 9 km .
all units have a cable flat screen tv and a kitchenette , equipped with a refrigerator .
guests can reach pico ruivo , madeira ’ s highest peak , with a 10 - km drive .
the restaurant le patio is 3 km from the property .
shangri - la also provides a well - equipped gym and tennis courts , ideal for a refreshing workout .
each holiday home has private parking spaces , simple kitchen and a living room with a tv and dvd player .
free wifi is featured throughout the property and free private parking is available on site .
the first - floor coffee shop serves international buffet spreads .
the accommodation comes with a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
a bathing lake is just 400 metres away and there are public indoor / outdoor pools in ischgl .
senhora da guia is situated a 10 - minute drive from the guincho fortress and the city centre of cascais .
this air - conditioned villa has 2 twin bedrooms and 3 double bedrooms , all with an en suite bathroom with a shower and free toiletries , plus an extra bathroom .
breakfast at the family - run gschwendt is a buffet featuring a range of local produce .
the hotel has an outdoor pool and views of the sea , and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant or a drink at the bar .
some rooms have a balcony , sofa and a small dining table .
free wifi is available throughout the entire property .
the modern guest rooms at hotel kiteenhovi feature wooden floors , a work desk and a private bathroom with shower . all are equipped with cable tv .
you can enjoy sea view and garden view from the room .
the beach is 8 km away .
some come with a balcony .
the guest rooms at hôtel océanic include a tv with canal + channels .
there is also a mini - market on site .
apartment comfort also includes an indoor pool . guests can enjoy a meal at the on - site restaurant .
the bus stopping in front of the hotel provides links to brunico .
bright rooms have a seating area , a minibar , and a flat - screen tv . the private bathroom comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
bed linen is featured .
every room is equipped with a private bathroom fitted with a bidet .
the apartment will provide you with a tv , air conditioning and a minibar .
most rooms offer lake and garden views .
within 400 m shops can be found .
set in the east lynne farm coffee estate , the lake forest hotel is 35 km from salem airport and salem railway station .
the kitchen is fully equipped , including a refrigerator , dishwasher and microwave .
the kitchen is fitted with a dishwasher , an oven and a microwave , as well as a coffee machine and a kettle .
the kitchen includes an oven , refrigerator and microwave .
an extensive buffet breakfast is served every morning .
staff at the 24 - hour front desk readily assists guests with services such as bicycle and car rental , as well as laundry services which include dry cleaning .
buses stop 80 metres away for tarvisio and udine .
there is a full kitchen , with a refrigerator and kitchenware and private bathrooms , with a bath or shower .
villeneuve - loubet train station is 3 minutes away , and marineland water park is 2 km away .
wi - fi is free in public areas , and there is a laundry area which guests can use at extra charge .
featuring an outdoor terrace with direct sea views , the cafe bar serves snacks , refreshments and drinks throughout the day .
the hotel also boasts a bakery and ice - cream parlour .
guests of the club anakopia can relax in a garden , go horseback riding or fishing , enjoy massages , play table tennis or practice windsurfing .
a flat - screen tv with satellite channels and dvd player are available in some units .
honolulu airport is located 12 km away .
towels and bed linen are available in this self - catering accommodation .
set in extensive grounds , casa polín is a guest house located in cebreiro , las herrerías , on the camino de santiago pilgrimage route .
only a 10 - minute drive from yuexiu park , tong tong hotel features simple accommodation with free wired internet access .
rhea silvia luxury rooms is located in rome and it features modern - style rooms with free wifi . piazza navona square is just a 20 - minute walk away .
the bathroom includes a bath or a shower .
the kitchen has a dishwasher , an oven and a microwave , as well as a coffee machine .
the air - conditioned rooms come with a satellite tv , minibar and a fridge .
all rooms at the nad potokiem are simply furnished .
minneapolis - st paul international airport is 22 miles away .
vologda airport is 10 . 3 km from the hotel .
this 1 - bedroom apartment features a 42 - inch flat - screen tv and a dvd player . it includes an intimate balcony and a seating area with a sofa .
the varied buffet breakfast includes vegan and vegetarian options and freshly brewed coffee , tea and juice .
featuring an indoor pool and a hot tub , double tree by hilton hotel omaha southwest is 10 minutes ’ drive from university of nebraska omaha .
coffee - making facilities and a small fridge are provided in each guest room at this hotel suites boast a separate seating area .
the jamestown settlement and the jamestown glasshouse are less than 8 miles from the property .
free public parking is possible on site .
all rooms provide satellite tv , a bathroom and a seating area .
agroturystyka nad jeziorem sopień is located in brzozie , at the shore of lake sopień , surrounded by drwęca river marshlands .
for drinks and meals , guests can enjoy the hotel ’ s coffee shop , bar and restaurant .
a balcony with sea views is available in each unit . they all comprise a tv with cable channels and a private bathroom .
it offers fully equipped , self - catered accommodation with balcony overlooking the mediterranean sea .
guests can enjoy breakfast , which is served daily at the on - site restaurant .
it offers air - conditioned accommodation with mountain views and a traditional restaurant with bar .
the nearest grocery store is 500 meters away , as well as a restaurant .
overlooking val d ' orcia and 8 km from the town of pienza in southern tuscany , azienda agricola barbi offers 2 stone farmhouses that still maintain its original features .
guest rooms at african rock hotel are air conditioned and feature a combination of african , western and oriental décor .
currency exchange services are also available .
rooms have a balcony with sun loungers .
nine pine cottage is conveniently located just 500 metres from the centre of blackville village , in new brunswick .
you will find shops and restaurants in the area , and the property is located just by amiens zoo .
other facilities offered include luggage storage .
free wifi access is available .
it is fitted with box - spring bedden and the bathroom features a shower .
enjoy your favorite beverage while watching your local sports team , the weather or the news on one of the pub ' s four lcd televisions . take a step back in history and learn about the yellowstone trail while enjoying a relaxing beverage or dinner , all while not having to leave the premises .
the cathedral is 450 metres away , while albaicín and sacromonte are 2 km away .
best hôtel annecy - cran gevrier is located just 3 . 5 km from annecy lake and a 4 - minute drive from annecy city centre .
thessaloniki airport is 90 km away .
only 400 metres from the main square , hostal huaynapata offers rooms with free wi - fi and cable tv in cusco .
the breezer bar has views of the garden and lake victoria with the carnivore restaurant located in the garden , offering bbq style meals .
the house features two south - facing terraces with panoramic views .
this modern air - conditioned apartment complex offers spacious accommodation with free wifi access .
the rondola apartments are furnished in modern or alpine style and feature views of the dolmites , satellite tv , and a seating area .
towels and bed linen are offered at ca apartament miramar .
guests of the hilton garden inn memphis / southaven can enjoy free access to the indoor pool and hot tub .
vilnius international airport is 8 . 8 km from green old town apartments .
this family - run hotel features modern rooms with free wi - fi and a 24 - hour front desk .
set in a grand grade i listed property once home to politicians and lords , this hotel has 22 acres of rural parkland .
each room in laoshan minsu hostel is fitted with a tv . slippers and free toiletries can be found in the private bathroom .
at hotel zheleznogorsk you will find a 24 - hour front desk .
złoty róg restaurant serves traditional polish cuisine with a modern approach .
located just off interstates 80 and 90 and 5 and 10 minutes ’ drive from the university of notre dame , this hotel features a large indoor pool .
a flat - screen tv is featured .
towels and bed linen are available .
central cuernavaca is a 10 - minute drive from ayurveda palace .
the studio also offers a terrace overlooking the sea .
the farm produces its own wine .
this apartment is 100 metres from the centre of samoëns and from the stop of the free shuttle bus , which brings to the ski slopes .
this hotel is minutes from the alexandria riverfront center and convention hall meeting facilities , the johnny downs sports complex , and golf courses like oak wing golf club and links on the bayou .
other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities , ticketing service and a tour desk .
can cremat is 15 minutes ' drive from port de pollensa city centre and various shops and restaurants .
argonauta ' s hillside location on punta bunga bay offers panoramic ocean and sunset views .
only 2 blocks from salta ’ s bus terminal and 1 block from the cable car to san bernardo hill , the hotel offers practical rooms with free wi - fi .
guests of noelia can enjoy a delicious breakfast and relax at the hotel ’ s terrace .
the accommodation features free access to wifi and private parking facilities , a garden and a snack bar .
the private bathrooms are fitted with a bath or a shower .
each apartment has a kitchenette , a seating area and a cable tv .
featuring stone walls , oak flooring and local rugs , rooms at the lydia lithos guesthouse include an lcd tv and dvd player .
hearty food with generous portions is served each day in the restaurant and bar .
boasting free wi - fi and parking , hotel roari offers comfortable accommodation with breakfast included . it also features laundry facilities and gardens .
this luxurious , 5 - star hotel offers elegant rooms which include nasa memory foam mattresses and lcd tvs . the parque de la 93 is 10 minutes away by car .
various restaurants can be found in the vicinity .
the property also offers grocery delivery .
an ipod docking station , a dvd player and an in - room safe are also included in each room .
activities in the surrounding area include cycling , fishing and canoeing .
free local calls are included .
dom zdrojowy diament spa opened in 2004 and is peacefully situated on the outskirts of kolobrzeg .
free private parking is provided in the premises .
the property offers free parking .
the moonlight bar with rooftop terrace features wonderful views of kalkan marina .
bali rich villas is less than 2 km from ku de ta and seminyak beach .
a flat - screen tv and minibar is provided , and some rooms have views of st blasien abbey .
the guest house features a terrace , and there is free wifi access in the lobby and on the balcony .
it is 350 metres to the jod - sole therme , offering a spa , swimming pool and thermal baths .
for a surcharge , villa 261 offers ironing , cooking services , wifi
certain units feature views of the mountain or garden .
set 1 km from alberobello , b & b delle rondini offers rooms set in a modern building with white - washed walls and a room set in a typical trullo dwelling .
guests may cook their own meals in the apartment , or choose to go out to eat nearby . bairro alto features a wide range of restaurants , bars and cafés .
texas memorial stadium is a 10 - minute drive away .
rooms at the bbinpv will provide you with a desk , cable tv and free wi - fi .
all rooms at balconies daylesford have an en suite bathroom with shower , bathrobes and a hairdryer .
set in bedrichov , 250 metres from the malinovka ski resort , pension rafael offers a garden with barbecue facilities and a children ’ s playground with a trampoline . free wi - fi is available in all areas and free private parking is possible on site .
you can make use of the barbecue area in the 200 - m2 garden .
an airport transfer service is available for an extra charge .
other facilities at les ecuries de sauveterre include a tennis table , a bowling alley and free wi - fi in public areas .
the multi - cuisine restaurants serve a variety of northern and southern indian , as well as chinese and european dishes .
at changjiang jin yuan hostel you will find a 24 - hour front desk , a garden and a mini - market .
springfield national airport is 15 . 2 miles away .
extras include cable channels .
a 24 - hour reception is offered at weslaco deluxe inn and suites .
it specialises in traditional polish cuisine and pizza .
seaworld , universal studios and mgm studios are minutes away . a number of shopping centers and restaurants are also located within walking distance of the hotel .
to make the most of the peaceful surroundings , guests can take a 14 - minute drive to lough key forest and activity park . for something a little closer to home , a 5 - minute drive will bring guests to a variety of quaint shops , the dock theatre .
split airport is 20 km from the property .
wi - fi is available for free .
several dining options can be found within 5 km .
apartments roza is surrounded by a lush mediterranean garden and set in the village of mlini , 10 km from dubrovnik .
guests can enjoy hiking and cycling in the surrounding countryside .
you can play table tennis at the guest house .
hotel parc & lac is centrally located in montreux , 20 metres from lake geneva , and offers free wifi access in all areas and air - conditioned rooms .
the victorian mansion at los alamos offers guests a unique and romantic experience .
providing free private parking , locanda da vittorio is a 10 - minute walk from the shores of lake garda .
each of the air - conditioned rooms at 355 logies benefits from wooden floors and light décor .
it offers a 24 - hour room service , free parking and free wi - fi access .
supermarkets are a short walk from zuhra apartment .
during the day , club caribbean ’ s professional animation team is ready to keep everyone entertained .
free private parking is available on site .
offering open - air dining , slee banyan restaurant serves a variety of international , thai , and asian dishes .
at villa montebello you will find bbq facilities and a tour desk .
family - run marie claire hotel is a new building located in the centre of lanusei , a charming town surrounded by natural landscapes and close to a stunningly beautiful coastline .
there is a seating area and a kitchen as well as a private bathroom . a tv with cable channels is provided .
the property is at walking distance from metro arts - loi and madou .
a full english breakfast is available in the morning , and evening meals are also served .
guests can arrange airport shuttles and bicycle rentals through the ashram .
the bruntál castle can be visited 700 metres from the property and the sovinec castle is 10 km away . an outdoor swimming pool can be found 300 metres away and indoor swimming is possible in the bruntál water park is 600 metres away .
guests can watch satellite tv and help themselves with drinks from the minibar .
the cosy common is a nice place to relax and chat with others . it has a selection of books and magazines . other facilities include a patio , rose garden and washing machine and dryer .
with modern amenities , the spacious suites have a domi classic décor and each features a different musical instrument , such as a piano , guitar , violin or an accordion .
krucza rooms by warsawresidence group is situated 1 . 3 km from a picturesque saski garden and 1 km from the central railway station .
the property is 700 m from the san diego convention center . san diego international airport is 3 km from away .
the communal lunge has a fireplace designed by the owners .
they include a private bathroom with a spa bath , free toiletries , slippers , and hairdryer .
the guest rooms are equipped with a private bathroom , satellite tv and a work desk .
all rooms are serviced by a lift .
alassio centre is 10 km away .
all units at porto village open out to a balcony with cretan sea or inland views .
it is a 12 - minute drive from byron bay .
some rooms have a private bathroom , and the shared bathrooms are in the hallway .
this self - catering apartment is located on a sunny slope in baden - baden .
this manhattan beach , california hotel is within a 15 - minute walk to manhattan beach pier .
both rotterdam and utrecht are a 35 - minute drive from belvédère . gouda , with its famous cheese market , is just over 20 minutes away by car . de biesbosch national park can be reached in a 45 - minute drive .
there is a public beach right in front of the hotel .
featuring free wifi and a restaurant , hotel zolotaya dolina offers accommodation in akademgorodok .
it takes 5 minutes by car from the motel to pantai cenang and muzium padi ( rice museum ).
on request , fresh bread rolls can be delivered to the apartments , while in summer breakfast is offered to guests at a surcahrge .
for more dining options , there are several korean and asian restaurants within a 10 - minute drive away .
the property is set in the gracia district , 10 minutes ’ walk from parc güell .
kitchens include a stove , coffee maker and fridge .
free wifi is available .
the hotel continental was originally built for the 1964 swiss national exhibition in lausanne and was recently refurbished , modernized and enlarged .
le mas d ’ espérance provides a suite and guest rooms , all soundproofed , heated and air - conditioned .
the building is near rome ’ s public transport links , with vittorio emanuele and cavour metro stations a 10 - minute walk away .
chisinau water tower is 2 . 5 km from the hotel . mazarachi church is 12 minutes ’ drive away .
the restaurant is located on the outdoor terrace , which overlooks the bodrum peninsula and mountains .
this small hotel is 600 metres from fagersta norra train station .
king ’ s square garden is just a few minutes ’ walk from dreamhouse apartments london city .
sant ’ agata cathedral is 15 minutes away on foot .
rooms here will provide you with a satellite tv and a seating area .
bed linen and towels are provided .
a varied breakfast buffet is served daily and includes organic food .
it also offers free wi - fi .
the kitchen is fully equipped and has a dishwasher , a vacuum cleaner and a washing machine .
white sun hostel offers ample and comfortable rooms and a dormitory with access to shared bathroom facilities .
every room has a shared bathroom .
each room at the best western plus at historic concord is decorated with dark wood furniture .
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower and free toiletries in every unit . towels are provided .
sterling hostel offers accommodation in tbilisi city , 1 . 7 km from freedom square .
each room at beijing fuhongxin guest house has an electric kettle and a cable tv .
a continental breakfast is served every morning in the breakfast room .
free use of parking heaters , bicycles and sledges are available at ylläs - ropo , along with direct access to cross - country ski trails .
a bakery is only 50 metres away .
free parking is possible on site .
offering a fitness centre , free wi - fi and a balcony in each room , landhaus pension endresenhof is located in igelsberg .
the room and the holiday home have a tv , electric kettle and linen and towels .
the on - site mehmaan restaurant serves indian , chinese and continental dishes .
activities in the surrounding area include water sports and fishing .
a flat - screen tv is featured .
at muchik hostel guests will find a 24 - hour front desk .
the resort is located within a 2 hr drive from the south of hanoi .
offering a multi - cuisine restaurant , hotel melrose inn is located in alīgarh .
located in the centre of cesky krumlov , pension rosa is just 200 metres from the main square .
the property offers free parking .
a flat - screen tv is available .
sintra train station is 700 metres away and an airport shuttle to lisbon ( 30 km ) is available upon request .
there is also a private sauna and a spa bath in some rooms .
los álamos is 2 km from aqualandia water park and terra mítica theme park is 8 km away .
the brownstone bed and no breakfast manhattan is 1 mile from lincoln center and 2 miles from rockefeller center .
luna home is located in rome , a 2 - minute walk from manzoni metro station and 1 km from roma termini train station .
the en suite bathroom comes with shower facilities , a bathtub and a hairdryer .
soluna is 5 minutes ' drive from el paso international airport .
they feature a minibar , tv and marble countertop sinks in their all - white bathrooms .
the classic rooms are fitted with a satellite tv , radio and a panel heater .
surrounded by gardens , this hotel has its own buffet restaurant and poolside bar .
different leisure facilities are offered at carinth , including soccer , table tennis , an indoor and outdoor climbing wall as well as a sauna .
sasktel place is 15 minutes ’ drive away .
consisting of a traditional stone - built house with a more modern section , cortijo de frias has 7 bedrooms .
a flat - screen tv is available .
featuring a bath or shower , private bathroom also comes with free toiletries .
boasting an outdoor pool and a restaurant , hotel highlander is located in chã grande and offers free wifi access .
towels , bed linen and toiletries are provided .
the hotel provides 4 dining options .
they also include refrigerators , coffee makers and hairdryers .
haikou branch of golden sojourn apartment is located a 15 - minute walk from baishamen park with the well - known baishamen lighthouse , a 15 - minute drive from wanluyuan and a 30 - minute drive from haikou shishan crater cluster national geological park .
free private parking is possible 250 metres away from the hotel according to availability , and a large garage is available for guests to store bicycles .
the garden room restaurant overlooks the gardens , and offers fine cuisine made from local , seasonal produce .
airport shuttles can also be arranged .
all rates at the metropol hotel include a welcome drink , room service , shoe shining and free use of the tea and fruit station .
international cuisine and seasonal dishes are served , and you can also make free use of the barbecue facilities in the garden .
aqaba castle is 5 minutes by car , and king hussein international airport is 12 km away from rosa hotel .
a restaurant and tennis courts are within 500 metres .
additional facilities at the résidence c2a include an underground car park , an outdoor terrace and a pool table .
guests can approach the 24 - hour front desk for laundry services .
the villa has an 8x4 - metre heated private pool set in a private garden with shaded dining area , plenty of space for sunbeds and beautiful golf course views .
meals can be served indoors or outdoors on the terrace .
free wifi access is available .
both preveza town and the airport of aktion can be reached within a 20 - minute drive .
located in downtown somerset , kentucky , this hotel is a 7 - minute drive from somersplash water park .
the möckernbrücke underground station is only 200 metres away , ensuring easy access to attractions throughout the capital .
the helios cocktail bar serves a variety of exotic cocktails , aperitifs and liqueurs , while guests can enjoy a drink outside at the blaze bar .
the staff at pousada do frade can provide local information and arrange shuttle service .
it provides a fitness centre , karaoke facilities and massage treatments .
each air - conditioned room comes with a flat - screen satellite tv .
the nearest airport is surgut airport , 10 km from the property .
novo rio bus station and maracanã stadium are within 13 km from guest house copacabana .
rooms are air conditioned and soundproofed and feature satellite tv , a minibar . the private bathroom includes a bath or shower , hairdryer and free toiletries .
they are all equipped with modern en suite facilities and feature free wi - fi internet access .
offering an outdoor pool , maison epellius is a b & b located in collonges - au - mont - d ’ or . free wifi access is available . the property is 1 . 6 km from the saône river and 8 km from lyon .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including skiing , cycling and hiking .
offering a restaurant and free bikes , hotel petite fleur is located in alba adriatica , right opposite the sea .
hummeren 117 is located in ebeltoft . the property can accommodate up to 5 persons .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including skiing , cycling and hiking .
towels are provided .
located 2 km from the hintertuxter gletscher ski area and 5 km from zillertal 3000 in madseit , haus geierwand offers a fully - equipped kitchen , a terrace with views of the mountains and free wi - fi connection .
guests can choose to stay in a bunk bed in a dormitory room or in a double room with shared bathroom .
rantasalmi village centre is a 20 - minute drive away .
some rooms feature views of the garden or city .
the house also has a barbecue .
there are also several restaurants within a 5 - minute walk of the apartment .
housed within an ancient wine cellar and decorated with stonewall elements , the apartment is elegant and comprises a flat - screen cable tv , sofa seating and a kitchen with dining area .
just a 10 minutes ’ walk from the yal - ku lagoon , luna azul condos in akumal is a property that features beachfront access , and fully equipped studios and apartments with wi - fi access for free .
royal hotel group a features a 24 - hour reception that can assist guests with laundry services and luggage storage .
the pond is only 150 metres away and there is a free , monitored parking on the site .
each of the alpine - style units comes with a flat - screen satellite tv and a bathroom with a shower .
the town of vienne is a 10 - minute drive away .
the hotel provides car rental services while sightseeing arrangements can be made at the tour desk .
the property provides a 24 - hour front desk for the convenience of the guests .
breakfast includes a tray of cookies , bread rolls , milk , coffee , juices and toast in the room or studio .
rooms at alto tambopata lodge feature shared bathroom facilities , a seating area and a dining area .
guests staying at this property are welcome to make use of the communal facilities , including the sun terrace , the shared kitchen and the shared lounge .
penzion doubek is located in the centre of strážné in the krkonoše national park , just 100 metres from the ski slopes .
there is also a bar , shared lounge and a games room at the hotel .
free wifi is available in the entire property .
there are many bars , restaurants and supermarkets nearby .
grand bahia principe bavaro is located in bavaro beach , punta cana and features a spa and wellness centre , 2 outdoor pools and 7 restaurants .
a tobogganing track can be found right opposite the house and a children ' s ski lift is 50 metres away .
xin yao fa hotel is a 15 - minute walk from guangzhou railway station and 10 km from jinan university .
cagliari elmas airport is 11 km from the property .
this 3 - star hotel , situated in renovated school building from the beginning of the 20th century , provides free wi - fi .
located at the foot of the swabian alps and surrounded by forests , this hotel offers spacious rooms and large breakfast buffets . it lies in the quiet village of öschingen .
free breakfast is served at the restaurant , while other meals may also provided at an extra charge .
the guests can enjoy their meals at the in - house restaurant .
the elegant units are all air - conditioned and feature a minibar , flat - screen tv , and a private bathroom with free toiletries , a hairdryer , slippers and bathrobe .
some have a balcony .
bodenmais is 22 km from gästehaus fidelis , while sankt englmar is 22 km away .
other convenient facilities at the napa include a 24 - hour front desk , room service and dry - cleaning services .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
freshly baked bread rolls are available on request .
they offer mountain views and a flat - screen tv and free wi - fi .
you will find a shared kitchen at the property .
an electric kettle and minibar are available .
the property can accommodate up to fourteen guests .
guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant .
free private parking is possible on site .
billund airport is located 77 km from the property .
other facilities like dry cleaning , an ironing service and laundry facilities are offered .
the restaurant at hotel miramar specialises in seafood and fresh fish dishes .
a popular fishing spot , the odense river is within 500 metres .
rendao chinese restaurant serves a variety of chinese dishes .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling , horse riding and fishing .
free wi - fi , free pay tv and free parking are offered at this 3 - star hotel on the outskirts of wiesbaden .
it is a 2 - hour drive from kaohsiung international airport .
offering free access to its spa centre with an indoor pool , a gym , steam room and a sauna , the stylish anemon samsun hotel is set within a 3 - minute walk from mert park and the beach in samsun . piazza shopping mall , full of stores , cafes and restaurants , is next to the property .
all rooms have a tv , hairdryer and tea and coffee facilities .
lombok international airport is a 1 hour , 45 - minute drive away .
karlstad ’ s largest shopping centre , mitt i city , is less than a 5 - minute walk from freden hotell .
the resort also provides laundry services and car rentals .
overlooking the beach , the pool deck bar offers light meals and drinks .
it arranges tours and free private parking .
a free outdoor swimming pool is available . free wifi is available in public areas .
a dishwasher , a microwave and a refrigerator can be found in the kitchen .
all rooms at the miramare come with simple furniture and feature a tv and private bathroom with shower .
located in monte nai , this holiday home is set 39 km from cagliari .
chez christophe & nathalie is a self - catering accommodation located in prémanon .
luggage storage is offered and the hotel has a tour desk .
free parking is available on site .
maintaining the traditions of a typical rural house , casa da avó genoveva is surrounded by lush greenery and large old palm trees .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
rodez marcillac airport is only 7 . 8 kilometres away from the ferme de bourran .
it is surrounded by the most beautiful churches and parks of the city .
all bungalows include bed linens .
a varied breakfast buffet with many regional products is served every morning .
offering lovely mountain views , all air - conditioned units come with a flat - screen cable tv , an electric kettle and a work desk .
all warmly decorated rooms at the holiday inn express hotel & suites andover east 54 wichita are furnished with a large work desk and seating area . a coffee maker is provided in every room .
relax in this warm environment , with antique furniture and modern amenities .
beverages like wine , beer , juices and coffee in the buffet area during breakfast , lunch and dinner are offered free of charge .
they each consist of separate bedrooms , a living room with a tv , and a bathroom fitted with a shower .
free wifi is featured throughout the property .
the rbg bar is open daily , serving a wide range of beverages and cocktails , and sport is shown on the big - screen tv .
the private bathroom comes with a shower .
just 20 metres from the beach in rimini ' s viserba area , hotel nadia is less than 4 km from the fiera di rimini exhibition centre .
free wi - fi access is available .
apartments hollaj is set in a peaceful part of ulcinj , only 200 metres from small beach and pine forest .
the simeiz observatory and simeiz aquapark are within a 15 - minute drive of the assol hotel . yalta is only 20 km away .
the firenze lies 5 km from bordighera train station .
gül resort features an outdoor swimming pool , bar and a restaurant serving a variety of dishes including traditional turkish cuisine .
rome is 20 minutes by car and rome airport is 10 km away .
in the old town , guests can visit the palace of parliament , cismigiu park and the national museum of art .
golfclub zugspitze - tirol ehrwald - lermoos is a 5 - minute drive away .
you can prepare meals using the accommodation ’ s kitchen , which is fully equipped with a dishwasher , an oven and a dining area .
this self - catering accommodation features free wifi .
the bathroom includes a shower , hairdryer and free toiletries .
there is a shared kitchen at the property .
daily breakfast is served as an open buffet .
it also has a well - equipped kitchenette , and a private bathroom with shower .
a kitchen is included .
jantar mantar is 12 km from goel residency , while red fort is 13 km away .
some rooms have a spacious seating area and a work desk .
the property is within a 5 - minute walk of several restaurants .
sigiri home stay is located just 5 . 7 km from the sigiriya town .
the property offers free parking .
all the apartments at qasr al mosaidya are decorated in modern tones .
it includes sweet pastries and croissants .
all of the heated units feature a bathroom with a shower .
a full breakfast with homemade jams , pastries , fruits , juices and cereals can be enjoyed daily in the patio .
featuring exposed - stone walls , the 4 - bedroom house has a living room with a fireplace , sofa and flat - screen tv .
moaning cavern adventure park is 9 miles away .
vietnamese and international cuisine is served at the hotel ’ s in - house restaurant .
this private 3 - bedroom villa features living and dining areas and 2 bathrooms .
free rental bikes are provided ( subject to availability ) for men and women .
just 200 metres from batumi beach , istanbul hotel features a turkish sauna , an on - site night club and rooms with a balcony .
supermarkets are 1 km away , in äkäslompolo .
there is also a wide range of sport facilities , such as table tennis , billiards , electronic games and others .
located in the centre of tarbes , halfway between bordeaux and toulouse , this design hotel features a contemporary décor combining glass , stainless steel and wood .
situated in the very centre of kotor , apartments milena is just a couple of steps from the famous cathedral of st . tripun and near all important historic monuments .
landgasthof ruedihus is less than 5 minutes ’ walk away from victoria bus stop .
you can also order breakfast which will be delivered to the apartment .
this 3 - bedroom villa will provide you with a tv , air conditioning and a balcony .
it offers traditional accommodation with free wi - fi and kitchenette facilities .
in a quiet residential area of vinohrady in prague , 500 metres from the náměstí míru metro and tram stop and 550 metres from the wenceslas square , apartment vinohrady offers self - catered accommodation with free wi - fi , a washing machine and a microwave .
the rooms at the property were all decorated by a team of 17 designers and artists who dedicated themselves to customizing each room .
set in tropical gardens , the hotel offers an outdoor pool , free wi - fi and free breakfast .
there is also a bar offering drinks during the day .
guest house on samshitovaya is situated in khosta , 400 metres from history museum of khosta district and 1 . 6 km from caucasian state nature biosphere reserve .
for convenience , the guesthouse offers a 24 - hour front desk and safety deposit boxes .
set in a 10 - hectare green area , offers rooms with a balcony .
situated 20 minutes ’ drive from the beaches of progeso , this modern hotel offers free transportation to any destination within a 10 km radius .
the ozon is a great base for hiking and skiing through the kazbegi national park and the greater caucasus mountains .
main square and the popular skadarlija quarter packed with restaurants , bars and clubs are 15 minutes ' walk away .
lake bolsena is 29 km from the property , while orbetello is a 1 - houur drive away .
the centre of vilnius also accommodates a range of eateries .
the nearest airport is essaouira mogador airport , 15 km from the property .
variety of menus for each day from local dishes to international cuisine are prepared .
they each have a kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
the apartments also include a fully equipped kitchen with a coffee machine .
rosh hanikra grottoes is 5 km from the chalet .
free private parking is available on site . free wifi is available throughout the property .
the en - suite bathroom comes with a shower .
strandhuis offers fully furnished apartments and studios located on koningin astrid boulevard along the noordwijk coast .
boat excursions to elaphite islands can be arranged on site with the owner .
feodosiya is 14 km from u frangoni , while koktebel ’ is 800 metres away .
the jan becher museum can be visited 1 . 3 km from the serena villa and the spa hotel thermal ' s swimming pool can be found 1 km off .
the coliseum is a 25 - minute walk away .
the island is a 1 - hour longtail boat ride from kuraburi pier in phan nga province or a 2 . 5 - hr drive from phuket international airport .
hamner springs thermal reserve is only 250 metres from cheltenham house bed and breakfast .
abon apartment is a self - catering accommodation located in pärnu , just a few minutes ' walk from the city centre .
moradia cuco includes 3 double bedrooms and a twin bedroom .
you hotel is a 5 - minute walk from ladies street and langham place shopping mall where you are able to find many restaurants .
a grocery shop is 100 metres away , while a shopping centre can be found at a distance of 1 . 5 km .
situated on the coast of aegean sea and under the mount olympus , villa kolona offers outdoor pool in leptokaryes , in pieria .
it features free wi - fi , a sauna and rooms with a minibar .
kaunas is 24 km away .
each room has a flat - screen tv . every room is fitted with a private bathroom with a bidet and shower , with free toiletries and a hair dryer provided .
jr hakata train station is 700 metres away , about a 10 - minute walk .
located on the border between navarra and la rioja , the hotel is just a 15 - minute drive from the ap68 motorway .
set in the village of torla , 5 km from ordesa y monte perdido national park , apartamentos russell offers well - equipped accommodation with hydromassage showers .
each non - smoking room is decorated in an oriental theme .
albergo castello is located in san leo town centre .
the building is equipped with top - grade facilities including a fitness centre .
the recently renovated capsis hotel is located in the heart of thessaloniki , 900 metres from the central square of the city .
canyon road art district is less than 10 minutes ’ drive away .
apartamentos vía verde del aceite offer free private parking and an outdoor swimming pool .
afternoon tea service is also available upon request .
private parking is available on site free of charge , and bikes can be borrowed from the rössli at no extra cost .
the chateau de foix is a 10 - minute drive away and fishing and hiking activities are available nearby .
each brightly decorated room includes free wi - fi access and cable tv and a private bathroom with a shower .
bathroom facilities are shared or private .
only a 5 - minute drive from changchun railway station , tai jiu jia qi holiday hotel offers accommodation with free wi - fi .
breakfast is served in the encantada ’ s dining room , located on the hotel ’ s top floor .
there is a private bathroom with a bath and bidet .
guests can relax with a drink in the bar .
simply furnished rooms come complete with satellite tv , work desk and private bathroom .
the kitchen is fully equipped with a dishwasher , an oven and kitchenware .
at kaleb pansion guests will find a mini market and a bar .
it houses 2 dining options and well - appointed accommodation with free wi - fi .
the galluswarte s - bahn ( city rail ) station is a 3 - minute walk away from the hotel attaché , providing a fast and easy link to all of frankfurt ’ s top sights .
a seating area with satellite tv and dvd player is included in all the spacious units at the elektra .
other property facilities include laundry services .
the private bathroom includes a hairdryer and free toiletries .
guests can use a shared fully equipped kitchen on ground floor , as well as barbecue facilities in the garden .
parking is free on site .
at the sojourn you will find a garden , barbecue facilities and a terrace .
set 500 metres from karusel - 1 in estosadok , homestay on estonskaya 37 / 7 features free wifi access and free private parking .
budapest liszt ferenc airport is 16 km from the property .
the apartment will provide you with a balcony , a seating area and satellite channels .
the nearest airport is ngurah rai international airport , 10 km from the property .
apartment zlata is a self - catering accommodation located in eilat , just 1 . 2 km from the shores of the red sea .
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings , including diving and fishing .
reception is open 24 - hours a day at the brenta hotel .
tropical trees , palms and fragrant flowers surround the garden suite at onomea .
local dining outlets can be found within walking distance from the property .
the university of oregon is 10 minutes ’ drive from the bed and breakfast .
a terrace or patio are featured in certain rooms .
vaclav havel prague airport is 15 km away .
the resort provides luxury speed boats which can take guests to the beautiful snorkelling points at koh tao and koh nang yuan .
the accommodation will provide you with a satellite tv and a terrace . featuring a shower , the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
the on site restaurant serves a selection of international dishes .
orla do atalaia is 9km from flat oliveira , whilst croa do goré , a great spot to watch the sunset , is only 20 km away .
activities nearby include kite boarding and swimming .
there are several hiking and cycling routes in the surrounding area and the nearby mundo river is ideal for fishing .
guests can dine in the on - site restaurant , room service and breakfasts in the room are provided upon request .
the wesselényi utca tram stop is to be found 400 metres from the property , while the blaha lujza square metro station is 750 metres away and the keleti railway station is located 1 . 5 km off .
this family - run apartment is located in the lichtenbroich district , a 5 - minute drive from düsseldorf airport and 10 minutes from the düsseldorf exhibition centre .
private parking is free .
a microwave , refrigerator and coffee maker are included .
each studio comes with a fully furnished kitchenette , which includes a fridge , stove and toaster .
every morning a buffet breakfast is served .
each room has an en suite bathroom , and guests can watch pay tv channels on the flat - screen tv .
with an outdoor pool and a kids ' pool , hotel garden beach is only 30 metres from the sandy beach , near camping gradina , which is a 2 - minute drive from sozopol .
free private parking is also available at this hotel .
located in chisinau , opposite the state circus , city circus apartment offers self - catering accommodation with free wifi .
they have heating and private bathrooms with amenities and showers .
free bicycle rental is also available .
in the evening , visit the rustic twins restaurant and enjoy creative , seasonal , national specialties .
the luxurious sofitel le louise is around the corner from avenue louise , 100 metres from the louise metro station .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
it entitles the holder to free use of cable cars and buses in the entire ötztal valley and offers free access to the area 47 adventure park , swimming pools , mini golf and much more .
there is furniture and sun umbrellas in the garden .
rooms here are classically decorated and wil provide you with a seating area with satellite tv .
supermarkets and shops can be found a 5 - minute drive away .
a designated dining area is available .
krk old town , featuring the krk cathedral and the historic frankopan fortress , can be visited within 20 km .
olympic hotel offers accommodation in nha trang .
the unit is a few steps from labyrinth - musical workshop , and guests benefit from free wifi and private parking available on site .
a breakfast buffet with fresh tropical fruits , juices and rolls is served daily .
at dom wypoczynkowy halina you will find a garden and barbecue facilities .
homemade meals can be prepared in the kitchen which is furnished with an oven , refrigerator and stovetop .
linens are offered .
the property is 1 km from galeries lafayette and 1 . 4 km from opéra garnier .
some rooms feature views of the mountains or city .
snooze is within easy reach of brighton ’ s many attractions .
it is a 20 - minute drive from chinatown and a 30 - minute drive from tan son nhat international airport .
toya sun palace resort & spa is a 20 - minute drive from sairo observatory and a 50 - minute drive from muroran port .
enjoy traditional and family - style cuisine .
the guest house also offers free use of bicycles .
it offers a massage service , free parking on site and rooms with free wired internet access .
the seven - bedroom accommodation will provide you with cable tv including german and scandinavian channels , an open terrace and a hot tub .
this boutique oceanfront property boasts 3 terraces with fire pits and ocean views .
extras include bed linen and cleaning products .
it is a 1 - hour drive away from amiens .
every room at this guest house is air conditioned and is fitted with a tv with cable channels .
rooms include a flat - screen tv and free wi - fi .
the property is 2 . 2 km from walking street pattaya and 1 . 8 km from bali hai pier .
guests will find a twin bedroom , a double bedroom and a bathroom with a bath and a shower .
public parking is possible on site at an additional cost .
the rooms are equipped with a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
hiking trails start right outside .
each room at this holiday inn features a flat - screen tv , tea / coffee making facilities , and air conditioning .
blaze rock retreat also includes a terrace .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
the tour desk can provide information about activities in the local area , including surfing .
the hostel offers beds in air - conditioned and heated rooms , private lockers , and access to shared bathroom facilities , including a shower .
zarakes village is around a 20 - minute drive away and chalkida town is at a distance of 86 km .
the rooms feature a seating area with a desk and come with shared bathroom facilities located in the hallway .
the attractive hotel rooms have a private bathroom and a tv . all rooms also have wi - fi access .
the main bus station is 100 metres from the bellow the stars apartments .
homemade bread , local cheese and fruits are served for buffet breakfast every morning .
coin - operated laundry machines are provided , and dry cleaning is available .
tours , excursions and transfers are organised by the staff , which is available 24 / 24 .
located in biggera waters suburb , treasure island resort features diverse water sports facilities such as an expansive pool with a waterslide and a large lagoon pool with a waterfall .
some include a mezzanine .
milan malpensa airport is 35 km away .
housing a restaurant with à la carte hungarian and international dishes , the polgármester étterem és panzió is located in fertőszéplak , 3 km from the thermal bath in hegykő and eszterházy castle .
the heathrow express service at paddington station offers a 15 - minute journey to the airport .
the rooms of the ruspoli are classically decorated and come with a 32 - inch satellite tv , a safe , and views of giotto ' s bell tower or brunelleschi ' s dome .
just 5 minutes ’ walk from plaza del pilar square , valencia luxury juan de mena features luxurious apartments with stylish décor . set in valencia ’ s old town , it offers well - equipped accommodation .
anjani restaurant serves western and indonesian dishes at the hotel .
ironing service and laundry facilities are available and an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling , horse riding and fishing .
spa apartamenty lidzbark also include a common seasonal children ' s outdoor pool and a sauna .
villas at resort kuta lagoon are air - conditioned and fitted with tv , minibar and four - poster bed .
the beaches of marotta are 9 km from the property .
pantanal inn hotel is less than 10 km from asuncion city centre .
at selected rentals - igeldo you will find a garden and a terrace . the property offers free parking .
the property offers free parking .
the air - conditioned rooms are each equipped with a tea maker and alarm clock .
the private bathrooms have a shower , hairdryer , slippers and free toiletries .
the apartments are rustic , and come with wrought - iron beds and wood - beamed ceilings .
with a garden equipped with bbq facilities , li cosi boni offers self - catering apartments in santa maria coghinas , a 15 - minute drive from san pietro a mare sandy beaches .
the touris has gardens and a terrace , while inside there is a tv room and a free wi - fi hotspot .
białystok railway station is 7 km from the guesthouse .
the bathroom is private and may come with a shower or a bath .
discos are at walking distance .
the train station is a 10 minutes ’ stroll .
a free - use internet computer is provided at the lobby and dry cleaning service is available as well .
guests can find a super market , restaurants and shops at 300 metres from journey ’ s end .
drinks and snacks are prepared at the beach bar .
this holiday home is 48 km from palma de mallorca airport .
all rooms come with wooden furnishings and floorings , and include a fridge .
family family apartment chain offers homely guestrooms with free in - room wifi . for guests who drive , free parking service is provided .
meals can also be served in the comfort of guests ’ rooms .
a flat - screen tv is featured .
each room at sport hotel comes with a tv with cable channels and a private bathroom with a shower .
cooked or continental breakfast can be served in the dining room , on the terrace , or in the comfort of your room .
the rooms at the radisson blu edwardian , sussex have a samsung tvs offering up to 300 channels in multiple languages .
brescia and bergamo are 41 km away from palazzo barbò , while milano is 66 km from the property .
situated in the bang rak district in bangkok , 1 . 3 km from patpong , the backpack hostel boasts air - conditioned rooms with free wifi .
the property offers free parking .
the property is a 10 - minute walk from the beach .
all rooms are equipped with satellite tv , minibar , air conditioning , central heating and a minibar .
a flat - screen tv is available . there are 3 private bathrooms with bath .
the air - conditioned rooms and apartments come with a tv and private bathroom .
this traditional hotel and restaurant in regional style offers a sunbathing lawn and a beer garden .
the guest house is 1 . 4 km from bus station , 1 . 1 km from itaúna ' s beach and 1 . 2 km from church of nossa senhora de nazaré .
this holiday home is 28 km from bergerac - roumanière airport .
there is a sun deck surrounding the pool , and poolside sun loungers are provided .
the on - site restaurant serves delicious cuisine .
you can also look forward to an attractive sauna .
free wifi is provided and free private parking is available on site .
all units feature a cable tv .
offering a restaurant , hotel costa del sol is located in fusagasuga .
guests will also find a private bathroom with an open - air shower , a hairdryer and a bathrobe .
at casa do gibson guests will find a garden and public transportation available on the front gate of the premises .
evening meals can be prepared upon request .
rooms are simple yet comfortable .
situated in tyumen , аks apartments offer free wifi .
barbecue facilities are also available , while room service options are provided for guests ’ convenience .
hotel sport is situated in avigliana , 23 km from turin .
painted in a golden color with cherry wood trim , this four - bedroom house features a garden .
with hardwood floors , this two - bedroom apartment boasts a flat - screen tv in the living room and air conditioning in one of the bedrooms .
all grifid vistamar guests can use the multi - functional playground at the neighbouring grifid hotel bolero .
loft inn shaoguan fengcai road branch offers accommodation in shaoguan .
guests at villa delle palme can enjoy a sweet breakfast buffet .
overlooking shiroka polyana lake , romantika forest holiday village comprises a restaurant serving bulgarian cuisine and spa facilities including a sauna , steam bath and a hot tub .
decorated with bright wooden furniture , the spacious apartments also feature a bathroom and a living room with a kitchen and a dining area .
this hotel has a private beach area and bike hire is available .
the parisian hotel is walking distance from the beach and just 10 - minutes drive from the international airport .
seabreeze lodge georgetown features a balcony and a patio with outdoor furniture .
there is also a kitchen in some of the units , fitted with a microwave .
this property includes free parking and bbq facilities .
they provide tea and coffee making facilities , work desks and cable tv .
featuring a private patio with barbecue facilities , outdoor table and paddling pool , casa rural el zahori de pinedas is located in batuecas - sierra de francia nature reserve .
offering free wi - fi and a fully equipped kitchen , this apartment is situated just 200 metres from the river spree in berlin ’ s charlottenburg district . ernst - reuter - platz underground station is a 10 - minute walk away .
additionally , all elegant guestrooms and suites boast scenic views of taipei 101 or the city .
there are numerous shops , restaurants and cafes within 5 minutes ’ distance from the property .
porta maggiore is 2 . 3 km from tuscolana339 , while domus aurea is 3 . 1 km away .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with towels .
each apartment comes with a private bathroom .
the apartment is 11 miles away from chicago midway international airport and a 30 - minute drive away from o ’ hare international airport .
a ski storage and bike storage is available at the property .
there is also a kitchen , fitted with an oven .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with towels .
the property offers luggage storage , meeting facilities and a tour desk .
an italian breakfast including fresh fruit and yoghurt , as well as pastries is served each morning .
offering an outdoor pool and a restaurant , flamboyant is located in diani beach . free wifi access is available .
suria klcc is a 20 - minute drive away , while kuala lumpur international airport is a 40 - minute drive away .
free wi - fi access is available throughout .
cafes and restaurants in krasnoyarsk are a 30 - minute drive away .
free wifi is provided throughout the property .
free wifi and a 24 - hour business centre are included at the aloft nashville west end . billiards and a fitness centre are also on site .
the bathroom features bathrobes and slippers .
the villa features a living room a flat - screen cable tv . it has a dining area and terrace .
overlooking the nearby sea of galilee , galilee sea view offers a swimming pool with heated water and a terrace with hammocks . it offers air - conditioned chalets that comprise a private furnished patio .
there are several restaurants within 3 km of the property , including a popular seafood market and many fast - food chains .
entertainment staff and horse riding tours of the vico lake natural reserve are available in the summer .
centrally located in the thissio , live in athens thissio apartments offers modernly decorated , self - catering accommodation with free wifi access .
this property features a restaurant , free wi - fi and free parking , as well as free scheduled airport shuttle service to soekarno - hatta international airport .
within 300 metres from the sandy trani ammoudia in ormos panagias , maria karga studios features a snack bar with a blossomed , stone - paved sun terrace .
castellammare del golfo train station is a 20 - minute drive away .
gibraltar is 1 hour ’ s drive away .
salon facilities are also offered in the hotel .
all apartments feature a fully equipped kitchenette , a washing machine , and a free private car park .
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings , including cycling and fishing .
the spacious rooms and suites feature a flat - screen cable tv , a safe , and a bathroom with hairdryer .
guests can benefit from free wi - fi and flat - screen tvs .
surrounded by nature , guests can enjoy their meals in the dining area outdoors in the garden .
the breakfast buffet includes fruit from the farm and homemade jam .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with free toiletries .
all elegant rooms come with a flat - screen tv and air conditioning .
villa aurora is a detached villa with a seasonal outdoor pool , situated in savudrija in the istria region .
it is a great palace and a charming private residence in the same time .
the property is 100 metres from majorelle gardens and 1 km from marrakech plaza .
bed linen is offered .
the house features a cosy living room including satellite tv , a sofa , armchairs and dining table . there is also a spacious outdoor dining area on the terrace , overlooking the sea .
located in a 10 - hectare park in the pays - de - la - loire region , this castle features an outdoor swimming pool , a pond where you can fish and bbq facilities . free wi - fi is available in the public areas .
children ' s playground is next to the property , as well as tennis courts .
congress centre mecc is 3 km away by car .
the apartment has a living room with a sofa and flat - screen tv . the kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher , oven and a microwave .
at laxå hotel and hostel , guests can choose accommodation with either private or shared bathroom facilities .
sanatorium parus features free wifi .
it is surrounded by a planted garden and the masone labyrinth is 4 km away .
the house has 4 bedrooms and a furnished terrace with bbq facilities .
luxe hotel features stylish designs and a modern lobby .
the famous grand palace and khaosarn road can be reached within a 10 - minutes drive from kaisri guesthouse .
capo d ' orto at a height of 1294 metres is only a 4 - minute drive away .
offering a restaurant and a private beach area , tuzla yacht club is located in tuzla . free wifi access is available in this homestay .
each room comes with a satellite tv and safe , as well as a balcony or terrace .
it is 150 metres from the col rodella ski slopes .
danube plaza hotel is situated in the heart of ruse and right at svoboda square .
just a 4 minutes ' stroll from london ' s famous hyde park , the self - catering accommodation at london paddington suites includes free wifi access for all guests . the property is a 2 - minute walk from paddington train station and 1 . 1 miles from the royal albert hall .
free wifi is featured and free private parking is available on site .
all air - conditioned , accommodation here features a fridge and private bathroom .
there is a bathroom with a bath or shower .
this property also features free wifi .
towels and bed linen are provided in this apartment .
rooms here will provide you with air conditioning , a terrace and a seating area .
guests can visit the beaches in bar , budva and bečići , all within 35 km .
the 4 - star my city hotel is located in a beautiful building in the heart of tallinn ’ s old town , 250 metres from the town hall square .
a big terrace with barbecue facilities with a table and chairs is available in the back .
the inn is 500 metres from tian fu square , 1 km from chun xi road and 1 . 4 km from wenshu monastery .
some rooms have seating areas with sofas .
at hostel ami , guests can avail of a ticket service and a tour desk .
free wifi and free parking are provided on site .
free wifi is available .
ferienpark - canow features homelike bungalows with classic - style interiors .
the property is only 600 metres from lobos beach .
sopot is 27 km from apartament przy fontannie , while gdynia is 22 km away .
private and shared bathrooms are fitted with a shower .
michigan stadium and crisler arena are less than 10 minutes ’ drive from this hotel .
a refrigerator , microwave and coffee maker are provided in each spacious room at the best western hollywood plaza inn .
conway state forest is a 15 - minute drive from toscana village resort .
you will find a shared kitchen equipped with a kettle , fridge , oven and microwave .
the roman forum is 9 minutes ’ drive away .
at yangpin house homestay you will find a shared kitchen .
free private parking is available on site .
free private parking is available on site .
there is also a supermarket and bank services nearby . the hotel offers a shuttle service to the night bazaar and nimmanhaemin road , an outdoor pool and a restaurant .
it features a gym , sauna and steam room , in addition to bookable beauty treatments .
the imaginative and nautically themed hôtel des pirates is located just 200 metres from the rides at the fun - filled nigloland theme park , between the river aube and the champagne vineyards .
the internacional design hotel overlooks rossio square , a lively piazza with many restaurants , bars and shopping opportunities .
a cooked breakfast is also available on request .
on site , there is also a fitness room available for guests .
armenian specialities are served in elegant haykanoush restaurant , where the traditional carpets contrast with the modern furniture and chandeliers .
there are plenty of bars , restaurants and public transport connections in the area .
stn apartments near the hermitage has studios and apartments of various sizes .
free private parking is available on site .
a guest launderette and bbq facilities are located on site .
all are fitted with a cable tv , sofa seating area and a well - equipped kitchenette .
rooms feature a flat - screen cable tv with hbo .
the main bus station can be reached within a 5 - minute walk and the city hall is just 50 metres away .
located in a typical jugend - style building in the centre of pärnu , this hostel offers private and dormitory rooms with free wi - fi and park views .
it is a 15 - minute walk from santos .
some feature a kitchenette with a fridge , coffee maker and cooking hobs .
the property offers free parking .
the shared villa comes with a semi open living and dining area .
ponte de lima is 41 km away from casa do pomar .
a work desk is also provided at furnished suites facing the manhattan skyline .
the guesthouse is approximately 20 km from andong teuk village on road 48 , which is linked to koh kong province , thailand .
other dining options include a bakery .
the bathroom comes with a shower and toilet .
set on the banks of the tiber river , this hotel is ideally situated for you to explore this enchanting city .
breakfast is served every morning in the small and elegant breakfast room .
düsseldorf airport is 7 km from the property .
the birch hill recreation area and big dipper ice arena are both within 10 minutes of the hotel .
the en suite bathroom includes free toiletries and a hairdryer .
the lounge comes with an international satellite tv and a dinner table .
you will find a shared kitchen at the property .
the property offers free parking .
just 170 metres from the train station and within proximity to bus stops , the property is ideally located for visiting the côte d ’ azur . what is more , you can reach the port and beach by foot in just 5 - 10 minutes .
located in mathon , a 5 - minute drive from ischgl samnaun and galtür ski areas , berglerstube offers cosy tyrolean - style rooms and a rich buffet breakfast .
all rooms at the hotel gerl come with cable tv and a bathroom and most units feature a balcony , as well .
free wi - fi access is available in this holiday home .
the motel is 15 minutes ’ drive from fort yargo state park and 37 . 1 km from athens city centre .
lautrec and castres are 30 km away and there is free on - site parking .
inside , there is a fitness centre .
each room here is air conditioned and will provide you with a flat - screen tv and satellite channels and a welcome set .
alassio is 41 km from casa adriana , while acqui terme is 42 km from the apartment .
boasting a quiet location in the apulian countryside , lama cupa is 4 km outside fasano .
en suite bathrooms have free toiletries and shower facilities .
each room at this guest house is air conditioned and comes with a tv with cable channels .
stadelhofen station is just 400 metres away from hotel ni - mo .
guests also receive a ' handy smart phone ' which allows them to make free local and international calls and enjoy internet connection outside the hotel .
shenzhen bao ' an international airport is 30 km away .
mountinn bakuriani offers accommodation in valley bakuriani complex .
each room is fitted with a flat - screen tv .
private bathroom also comes with a shower .
with a garden equipped with bbq facilities , domus budoni offers self - catering apartments 350 metres from budoni beachfront .
breakfast can be ordered upon request and there are also barbecue facilities available on site .
sri lanka hotel is located on the territory of the ethnomir ethnographic park by petrovo village in kaluga region .
the hotel is 94 km from antalya city centre and 105 km from antalya airport .
at world street hostel you will find a shared kitchen , a shared lounge and luggage storage .
the open - air amarta restaurant offers an intimate dining experience by the beach .
bodrum marina , the popular nightclub halikarnas and the bus terminal of bodrum are just a 5 - minute walk from the pension .
budapest congress centre is 11 km away , deli railway station is a 19 - minute drive away and budapest liszt ferenc airport is 56 km away .
the pubs and restaurants of the ottensen district are also nearby .
buckingham palace , trafalgar square and the shops and theatres of the west end are all a short tube ride away .
portland international jetport airport is 63 km away .
special diet meals can also be prepared upon request .
garden views are featured .
facilities include an open air restaurant , 3 swimming pools , lounge and game room .
most rooms have a private bathrooms and air conditioning .
guests at apartment4you - hoża i have use of a well - equipped kitchenette featuring everything that guests might need to prepare a meal , including a refrigerator , a stove and a microwave , as well as a dishwasher .
a bus stop with links to bolzano is 50 metres from the property .
murcia airport is less than 20 minutes ’ drive away .
podgorica is 40 km from viva apartment , while kotor is 44 km from the property .
the two bedroom apartment got one bedroom with a double bed and one bedroom with a single bed .
featuring a bath , private bathrooms also come with a bath or shower and a bidet .
a 24 - hour front desk welcomes guests to the marion holiday inn express hotel & suites .
after a day ’ s sightseeing , guests can enjoy a drink at the bar which is open until midnight .
malindi marine park , offering snorkelling and glass - bottomed boat trips , is a 6 - minute drive away and malindi golf course is 10 minutes ’ drive from giraffe house b & b .
the bright rooms feature a flat - screen cable tv and a seating area .
the restaurant specialises in traditional sicilian recipes and only uses local products .
guests can also dine in a casual atmosphere featuring fresh , regional cuisine at sam ' s restaurant and bar .
featuring a tiled stove in the rustic - style living room , this 3 - bedroom house is located in the minho region of portugal , pico de regalados .
the modern - décor rooms offer free wi - fi , air conditioning , a desk , telephone , flat - screen cable tv and views of the garden and the pool .
kakopetria is 36 km from seafront house , while platres is 41 km away .
set in a late 1800 ' s building , these large apartments come with free wi - fi and a fully equipped kitchen .
featuring free wifi and air conditioning , raisa ' s apartment on saryan 29 is situated in yerevan . republic square is 800 metres from the property .
there are also numerous restaurants , which you can enjoy your meals , in the surrounding area .
the nearest airport is turin airport , 13 km from the property .
these apartments offer balconies , free wi - fi and free sheets and towels .
on request , the owner can prepare you food of your selection .
the closest bus station is 450 metres away , while the ferry station is 600 metres away .
there is a wide selection of local seafood , which can be enjoyed amongst views of galway bay and the hills of clare .
the hotel also offers a restaurant and lounges .
featuring with garden views and rustic - style furnishings , the country house comes with a seating area with sofa , and a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher . it offers 2 private bathrooms with shower and hairdryer .
a microwave and fridge are also featured , as well as a kettle .
a microwave , refrigerator and coffee maker are standard in every basic room at the americas best value inn rockport - fulton . all rooms include a cable tv and work desk .
it offers an outdoor swimming pool , a hot tub , a sauna and a gastronomic restaurant on site .
a small shopping centre can be found within 250 metres from the maki . town centre and the main beach are 900 metres away .
ærenspris 44 has a well - equipped kitchen including a fridge / freeze , an oven and a coffee machine .
the salam has 2 restaurants – one serves international cuisine and the other offers moroccan specialities .
it has free wi - fi and a swimming pool .
free parking is provided .
this fully equipped villa has a balcony with views over the surrounding countryside .
located in a picturesque area of tatariv , on the bank of the prutets river , olga deluxe offers ski storage and equipment .
public parking is available on site .
this small hotel is located in a quiet , residential part of the central lenina street in kirov .
the property is reachable by bus from both florence and grassina .
furnished with a modern décor , this air - conditioned studio offers a flat - screen satellite tv , a kitchenette complete with a stove and a washing machine .
a washing machine is also provided .
at peace lodge you will find a garden and a bar .
the en suite bathrooms feature hydromassage baths or showers .
a mini - fridge , tv and fan are included and linens are provided .
the living room has a rustic feel , with its exposed wooden beams and a stone fireplace .
in addition , they provide white linens and towels and some rooms offer a small seating area .
bikes can be rented to explore the city .
breakfast is provided each morning .
gdańsk international airport is 15 km away .
you can play billiards at the property , and the area is popular for cycling .
it offers modern rooms and apartments with free wi - fi , an airport shuttle , and free parking .
you will find a coffee machine and a kettle in the room . rooms come with a private bathroom .
a 20 - minute drive will take you to bacho kiro cave and the dryanovsky monastery .
the northwest museum of arts and culture and spokane arena are only 1 miles from this boutique hotel .
each cosy room is fitted with a tv and minibar .
the hotel is 7 km from insuyu cave and 5 km from burdur lake .
the fenix is situated just 300 metres from the szczyrk bus station .
the charming country house has an outdoor dining area with bbq facilities .
bed linen is offered .
the property is 2 . 7 km from zagreb fair and 6 . 2 km from zagreb arena .
there are many cafés , restaurants and a large variety of shops in the botanic shopping mall .
it features comfortable rooms with wood - beamed ceilings .
hotel beihito is a 2 - minute walk from zhonghua food town and a 3 - minute drive from changlong wildlife zoo .
a games room and free private parking are offered on site .
avignon - provence airport is 99 km away .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
shared bathroom also comes with a shower .
there is a private bathroom with a bath in every unit .
situated in a quiet pedestrian street , the aspasios apartments are just 50 metres from plaza vila de gracia .
the original building dates back to the 1800s , and is decorated with old photographs that detail its history . large windows , sofas and comfy armchairs create an elegant , traditional ambiance .
the restaurant serves traditional cantabrian cuisine and there is also a café with a terrace looking onto the gardens .
changes in latitudes is just 150 metres from the caribbean sea in san pedro , and offers a dive shop , tropical gardens and direct beach access .
featuring a private pool with sun loungers , covered dining terrace , and bbq facilities , villa acuario is located in calpe , 1 km from the beach .
the rooms are equipped with a private bathroom . for your comfort , you will find free toiletries and a hair dryer .
towels and bed linen are featured at hazilla de raya .
krasnoyarsk train station is 9 km from the apartment .
the fully - equipped kitchen offers a stove , a dishwasher , a microwave , as well as a coffee maker , kettle and an espresso machine . the bathroom has a combined shower and bath and a washing machine .
it boasts fine wines and spirits .
many ski area can be found in the vicinity .
this holiday home is 19 km from aarhus airport .
the zambala can arrange a shopping service on request .
ipanema 646 is a self - catering accommodation located in rio de janeiro , just 400 metres from ipanema beach .
each room here will provide you with air conditioning , a minibar and tv . the private bathrooms come with free toiletries .
at la - perchade you will find a garden and a terrace .
the en suite bathroom is equipped with a hot shower and toiletries .
the air - conditioned rooms provide wifi and parking for a fee .
each unit features a private bathroom with shower or bathtub , while some also include a kitchenette .
free private parking is available at the hotel .
featuring a bathtub , private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
staff at the hotel ’ s 24 - hour reception can provide information about what to see and do in barcelona .
a flat - screen tv with cable channels and dvd player is available .
chiado is 300 metres from the property .
it features a sauna and a private parking . free wi - fi is provided in all areas .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
comiso airport is about a 35 - minute drive away .
for more meal option , the seafront area has a wide range of popular restaurants , most serving the algarve ’ s fish and seafood delicacies .
the mercure grand umm al qura is about 950 metres from the holy mosque and features a free shuttle bus services to the haram during prayer times .
great yarmouth boasts many attractions , including the sealife centre , great yarmouth pleasure beach and the pavilion theatre .
the hotel offers a restaurant and free wifi .
look forward to the friendly atmosphere at the hotel belvedere . the staff will be willing to help you with tips and recommendations to do with the region .
free parking is possible nearby .
the apartment will provide you with a balcony .
built in a 19th - century farmhouse in southern sicily ' s countryside , agriturismo case don ignazio offers self - catering apartments with air conditioning .
guests can also eat in the dining room , whose windows overlook the plants and flowers surrounding the property .
the air - conditioned apartment features a living room with a sofa , a tv , a well - appointed kitchen with a dishwasher , a washing machine , and a private bathroom with a bidet and free toiletries .
kurt - schumacher - platz bus and underground stop is 600 metres from the hotel .
there is a private bathroom with a shower and free toiletries in every unit .
this holiday home is 13 km from aarhus airport .
guests are granted unlimited access to the spa and fitness centre .
moreover , the hotel is an ideal place to stay to discover orléans and all the attractions of the area , such as the castles .
accommodation features free wifi , satellite tv , a fridge and a private bathroom with hairdryer .
front desk is open 24 hours .
with air conditioning , apartments come with a flat - screen tv and some have wood beamed ceilings .
on several sundays during the summer , afternoon concerts take place in the small amphitheatre in the forest .
the rooms are furnished with a flat - screen tv with a dvd player , free coffee and tea facilities and allergy - free bed linen .
iława is 20 km from zajazd nad dryweca , while miłomłyn is 41 km away .
there is also a kitchen , fitted with an oven .
centrally located in parikia , the cycladic - style damias village is set amidst a blossomed garden and offers self - catering accommodation with free wifi access .
there is a variety of restaurants and bars in the streets around the hotel .
sikaso beach hotel can organise excursions to visit the surrounding area and the hotel staff offer entertainment .
you can enjoy sea view .
the property offers a car rental service , as well as organised day trips to split , mostar , dubrovnik , sinj and the national park of krka .
the stoefelknoeg features a restaurant and a bar .
each spacious villa is equipped with a fan , flat - screen cable tv , seating area , safe and fridge .
malia is 4 km away . milatos cave is within 5 km .
offering a private pool and impressive views of the mountains and sea , la cotorra is located 7 km from san pedro alcántara .
saint sophia cathedral , songhuajiang river and people flood control success memorial tower are a 3 - minute walk away .
these apartments enjoy a quiet location in green schleswig - holstein countryside , 1 km from the bistensee lake .
bathroom and toilet facilities are shared .
free private parking is provided .
the wirth z ' moosham ' s traditional pub , kuhstall , serves a wide range of regional specialities .
private parking is possible on site , also for free .
located 600 metres from passeig de gracia , the hostel features a terrace , 24 - hour reception and shared kitchens .
public parking at a nearby location is for free .
split airport is 21 km away .
the spacious and elegant rooms at the intercontinental geneva have free wifi , free tea and coffee making facilitie and are air - conditioned .
guests can enjoy classic british cuisine in the elegant restaurant , which overlooks sandown bay .
a free continental breakfast is served at the hotel and room service is available .
after breakfast , visitors can go for a swim in the seasonal outdoor pool or explore the attractions of nearby seattle .
apartament długa 2 is a self - catering accommodation located in gdańsk . the property is 100 metres from neptune fountain and 100 metres from artus court .
the hôtel & spa ax hôtel offers soundproofed rooms with a simple and modern decor .
room service options are also available .
some have flat - screen tvs , tea / coffee making facilities and a fridge .
the nearest airport is istanbul ataturk airport , 15 km from short term flats istanbul .
it offers rooms with balcony and a free ski bus service .
free wifi is offered .
at hotel mountain you will find a 24 - hour front desk , a garden and a terrace .
barajas airport is also easily accessed by metro .
antalya airport is located 60 . 8 km away .
the rooms at the seehotel villa passion have a flat - screen tv with cable channels , and a modern bathroom .
this beachfront villa offers a terrace and barbecue facilities .
econo lodge savannah south features free coffee , 24 - hour lemonade , and nightly popcorn with cookies .
you will find a tour desk at the property .
there is a shared kitchen at the property .
every room has a shared bathroom with a hot tub and bath , with bathrobes provided .
breakfast can be booked on site and is served at the restaurant perbacco !, located at the hotel ’ s ground floor .
the rooms feature free wi - fi and satellite tv .
it features a spa with an indoor pool and a sauna , and a restaurant serving traditional cuisine from abruzzo .
these orlando blue heron resort by florida getaways apartments include access to an outdoor pool with a hot tub , fitness centre , and wired internet . disney springs is 2 . 2 km away .
featuring a balcony with views on the marina , holiday home santa flavia is located in sicily a 5 - minute drive from the town of santa flavia , 50 metres from the tyrrhanian sea .
las heras avenue is 50 metres away .
at hotel old town you will find a 24 - hour front desk , a rooftop terrace and a bar .
latham inn rooms include a refrigerator and microwave .
bed linen is available .
with simple décor , this accommodation provides guests with a tv and air conditioning .
the venetian port of chania is a 20 - minute walk away , while many cretan taverns and cafes can be found within walking distance . souda port is at 6 km .
the apartment offers free private parking on - site
the buda castle is at the distance of 1 . 4 km .
the property is centrally located within a few steps from lively restaurants and bars .
with a picturesque location in the hills of caerano di san marco , col delle rane is an 18th - century country house offering a large garden with swimming pool and table tennis .
the garden café , sui yuan restaurant and noodle house are the dining options offered in the hotel . snacks and cocktails are served at the m bar and lobby lounge .
rooms may be located in the main building or to the rear of the main building around the courtyard area , and have neutral décor and a private bathroom with a hairdryer .
added conveniences include room service , luggage storage and safety deposit box .
the hotel is just 600 metres to hue citadel and about 1 km to hue train station .
the nearest airport is samui airport , 13 km from green coconut village .
the ciscar hotel has a café - bar and a restaurant .
bergamo station is 2 km from the hotel , while orio al serio airport is a 20 - minute taxi ride away .
cacao beach is 3 . 2 km from d & c yassen holiday village apartment , while kuban is 900 metres away .
staff can offer information on the hiking and climbing facilities that kalymnos is famous for , while a well - known diving school is located 150 metres away .
free wifi access is available .
the restaurant at hotel ventana del cielo serves mexican cuisine and operates from friday until sunday .
it offers homemade food and also cooking classes .
cosy units feature modern balinese interiors , a private balcony and views of the lake .
at lucida beach hotel you will find a 24 - hour front desk , providing room service .
the hotel provides weekday papers to guests .
traditional english breakfast is served , with free range eggs , bacon , sausages , black pudding , mushrooms , tomato and baked beans .
it features ultra - modern machineries .
originally a villa from the late 1700s , the gioia is 300 metres from the sea .
centre of zakopane is located 6 km from the property .
airport shuttles can be provided on request .
humala holiday home provides free private parking available on site , and lennart meri tallinn is 25 km from the property .
featuring free wifi and an outdoor pool , hotel mundaí praia offers accommodation in porto seguro .
some rooms boast views of the surrounding mountains .
all air conditioned , apartments here come with satellite flat - screen tv , a kitchen , and a living / dining area .
casa el encuentro is situated in the countryside , just outside the town of san lorenzo cacaotepec . the monte albán archaeological zone is a 20 - minute drive away .
hotel valiha is located close to tourist attractions and also offers car hire .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including horse riding .
featuring a private beach area and a restaurant , ifaty beach club is located in ifaty , mangily . it has a swimming pool and offers free wifi access throughout the resort .
free parking is possible on site , and free wi - fi is accessible throughout .
guests can also use the services of the mujen lux spa area , which features an indoor pool , a hot tub , different saunas and a steam bath , massages and beauty treatments at a surcharge .
tromsø museum is 10 minutes ’ walk from home sleep guesthouse .
a surf shop and da poke snack shack are located on site at bali kai castle kona .
notre dame cathedral is 900 metres from saint germain des prés - 191 , while orsay museum is 1 . 2 km away .
rooms are fitted with a flat - screen cable tv , refrigerator and electric kettle .
this apartment offers a year - round outdoor pool and free wifi .
certain units feature a seating area to relax in after a busy day .
featuring free wifi throughout the property , stay inn london - dollis hill offers self - catering accommodation in london , 3 . 1 km from wembley stadium .
catanzaro lido , with its beaches , can be reached in 10 minutes by car . lamezia terme airport is a 30 - minute drive away .
the apartments ' kitchens are equipped with all necessary cutlery and crockery and also include a dishwasher .
with its own landscaped garden , patio and picnic area , this ymca backpackers is just 15 minutes ' walk from penzance train station and 10 minutes ' walk from the town centre , which includes a variety of shops , pubs and restaurants .
résidence baillenia is located in a residential area of saint - jean - de - luz just 1 km away from the sea .
located 1 . 8 km from navigli , il quadrilatero apartment offers accommodation in milan . the unit is 2 . 6 km from sforzesco castle .
nyhavn is 2 . 1 km from cph lux apartments , while christiania is 2 . 6 km away .
furnished with modern décor and vibrant colours , the rooms are equipped with air - conditioning , a fan and a tv .
guests can play table tennis or relax on the sunny terrace overlooking the lovely gardens .
its provencal - style apartments include free wi - fi .
there is a dining area and a kitchen . a tv is provided .
situated in bogino , usadba 4 seasons offers a barbecue and sauna . free private parking is available on site .
located in bad reichenhall , hotel st . georg is set directly across from the well - known rupertus therme spa .
it offers self - catered accommodation , a garden and a terrace with outdoor furniture .
no meals are served at the property .
there is also a shared kitchen and laundry room available for guests to use .
featuring a garden with seating area and barbecue facilities , house palazzo is set in valbandon 700 metres from the nearest beach and 2 km from the centre of fažana .
the property can organize snorkelling , diving and horse riding at extra charge .
laundry facilities are also available .
there is an entrance hall , a front desk and a communal lounge . luggage storage is available .
a private bathroom includes a shower , a hairdryer and free toiletries .
the kitchen comes with a dishwasher and a microwave .
the local shopping centre is just a 5 - minute walk from toldi apartments pécs . the railway station can be reached on foot in about 15 minutes .
the st . angelo fort , a fort facing the arabian sea is 4 km away while the muzhappilangad drive - in beach is 15 km away .
a former famous bakery in the 1970 ’ s , hotel la panaderia is located in benquerencia de la serena , in badajoz .
set in davos dorf , 150 metres from parsenn mountain train station , hotel rössli offers ski - to - door access ; a restaurant with a bar , rooms with cable tv , and free wi - fi in all areas are also featured .
it offers rooms with private bathrooms and flat - screen tvs .
free wifi is available in the main building .
set in vardane , 21 km from sochi , guesthouse svetlana features air - conditioned rooms and free private parking .
the property offers an furnished terrace with barbeque possibilities and is situated on a large natural plot .
laundry and ironing services can be offered upon request at a surcharge .
arezzo is 49 km from casamaggio villas , while san gimignano is 41 km from the property .
free wi - fi is available throughout .
it offers rooms with a private balcony and a kitchenette .
at holiday home broholmvej korsør iv you will find a sauna , a hot tub , a terrace and a woodburning stove .
pestana golf academy is 4 km from gaivota mar .
featuring a separate living area with a sofa bed , each spacious 2 - bedroom suite at halemalu offers a compact refrigerator for added convenience .
located in a quiet area , 1 . 5 km from the centre of kragujevac , guest house merkur offers air - conditioned rooms with free wi - fi .
featuring a balcony , the accommodation features a seating and dining area .
guests can also enjoy a drink at the pool bar or its lounge area .
the nearest airport is kuala lumpur international airport , 8 km from the property .
the on - site restaurant features bulgarian and mediterranean cuisine at à - la - carte service .
salads , sandwiches , pastas and meat dishes can be enjoyed at the licensed restaurant and lounge .
start off your day with a hot complimentary continental breakfast before exploring the area ' s attractions .
tea and coffee - making facilities are provided .
the best western le renoir is ideally situated to enjoy the best parts of town .
this apartment features a furnished balcony and a patio , as well as a satellite tv and a seating area with a sofa .
the air - conditioned rooms feature mountain views , a flat - screen satellite tv and a fridge .
the restaurant of hotel brasserie n4 offers a panoramic view on the surrounding landscape .
this property has a quiet location in volda , next to a beach on lake rotevatnet .
the thermal spas in stegersbach , loipersdorf and bad tatzmannsdorf are easily reachable by car .
located in koktebel , apartment on dolinny 17 offers self - catering accommodation with free wifi .
the gulf islands national seashore is 18 miles away .
each room at this hotel is air conditioned and is equipped with a flat - screen tv .
the alcazaba de busquístar is located in the heart of the sierra nevada nature reserve .
the nearest bus station , proving access around the city , is 300 metres from visit apartments .
nevsehir kapadokya airport is 40 km from dream cave .
the fully equipped kitchen comes with tea and coffee making facilities , a dishwasher and an oven .
it is a 15 - minute train ride from the traditional craft gallery at nahashi dento kogeikan and a 20 - minute drive from naha airport .
a tv is also provided .
each air - conditioned room here will provide you with tile / marble flooring .
nearby attractions include centro comercial myramar , zoo de fuengirola , puerto and acuapark .
located 200 metres from copacabana beach , apartamento lausanne is a self - catering accommodation located in rio de janeiro .
une nuit au château offers accommodation in lyon .
additional dining options are within walking distance of the motel .
all rooms have a tv and a private bathroom .
the nearest airport is lyon - saint exupery airport , 7 km from b & b hôtel lyon saint - bonnet mi - plaine .
a supermarket can be found 250 metres away and the centre of körmend is 1 km away .
the air - conditioned unit is equipped with a kitchen . a flat - screen tv is offered .
the spacious guest rooms are bright and feature elegant pictures on the walls .
the property has a shared lounge area , as well as a garden and terrace .
the bathroom is fitted with a bath and a shower .
is around a 30 - minute drive from the hotel .
breakfast is served every morning in the hotel ’ s colourful restaurant and free public parking is available near the hotel .
each classically appointed room is fitted with an lcd tv and a private bathroom . some units boast a spa bath .
at hotel cities you will find a shared kitchen and a mini - market .
surrounded by a spacious furnished garden , pension kleon is located in riffiano , a 10 - minute drive from merano .
it features a lovely pool with sun terrace and a snack bar .
the property offers free parking on site .
all units are air conditioned and feature a flat - screen tv . some units have a balcony and / or patio .
guests can enjoy meals and drinks in the on - site brasserie or on the terrace .
seymour airport is a 1 - hour drive from el bambu .
a microwave , refrigerator and cable tv are provided in each guest room .
the jaipur airport is 12 km away .
towels are featured .
the property is 280 metres from gare du midi and 1 . 4 km from manneken pis .
located on top of a dune and commanding pretty sea views , this offers modern rooms with free wi - fi .
the apartment comprises a fully equipped kitchen with an outdoor dining area and barbecue facilities , as well as a private bathroom with a washing machine .
apartments at putikon hovi feature a fully equipped kitchen and a private bathroom with shower .
it also has a well - equipped fitness centre and a business centre .
magnolija villa comprises a spacious garden .
bilbao airport is 100 km away .
alternatively , barbequed meals , packed lunches and room service options are also possible .
cinque terre national park is a 40 - minute drive from la corte di candido , while vara river is 2 km away , where guests can canoe or raft .
set 8 km from the pareloup lake , le mas bertrand is 1 hour ’ s drive from rodez and 40 km from the roquefort caves .
at la posada inn guests will find 2 restaurants , one featuring sea - food and the other local dishes .
it is easily accessible from the a - 8 motorway , which runs across spain ’ s north coast to san sebastián .
free wifi is offered throughout the property .
full of charming period features , the hotel retains its original , century - old staircase and polished wood floors .
some units come with a fireplace , which can be used at a surcharge .
a full english breakfast is included in the price and can be served in the comfort of your own room .
the air - conditioned and warmly decorated rooms at umdende manor have wooden furniture and animal rugs .
featuring a shower , the private bathrooms also come with free toiletries and slippers .
' t valkennestje is set at a peaceful location a 30 - minute walk from the sandy beach and the north sea in de haan .
apartamentos rurales víctor chamorro del arco have good access to the a - 66 motorway , which takes you to plasencia in 30 minutes .
the resort offers bungalow style accommodation , beautiful gardens and a great beach .
the lidzbark gate is 400 metres from the hotel .
rooms are air - conditioned and feature a flat - screen tv with satellite channels and a wardrobe .
the panoramic views are also available from the restaurant with surrounding veranda and the swimming pool with sun terrace .
all have air - conditioning , a ceiling fan and a safety deposit box .
karersee is 15 minutes ' drive away .
located 200 metres from šanov ski area , in a quiet area in červená voda , penzion u víchů offers free wifi in all areas , free private parking and a garden with barbecue facilities . ski storage is also provided on - site .
guests at casa arrayan will also find a tour desk , which can help guests arrange shuttle services to the ski centres for an extra fee .
the property offers free private parking at a location nearby .
they also include free toiletries and facilities to make tea and coffee .
guests can get a lunch - to - go from the restaurant and explore the columbia river area .
rooms at munay suyo escallini feature a shared bathroom , guests can enjoy a private beach area and bike hire is available .
at apartamenty maria you will find a garden and barbecue facilities .
apartments at versalles suites are fully - furnished and feature private bathroom facilities , a fully - equipped kitchen , a dining area , a seating area and a balcony .
marriott killeen towneplace suites offers 24 - hour reception and features an on - site business centre with fax and photocopying services .
vila raluca is situated in mamaia nord , just 70 metres from the sandy beach and less than 5 minutes by car from the main clubs in mamaia .
free tea / coffee and sweets are available in the lobby throughout the day .
- breakfast , lunch and dinner
guests can also access bbq facilities on site .
it offers a pool , free wi - fi and self - catered accommodation .
it offers a gym , indoor swimming pool and free wi - fi throughout the hotel .
boasting a large garden with an outdoor pool , cabañas valle fertil is located in san agustín de valle fértil .
shops and restaurants can be found in marckolsheim , just 5 km away .
for convenience , laundry and ironing services are available upon request .
private bathrooms come with a shower .
each has a private bathroom with a shower and some rooms have sea views .
blue dog guesthouse houses a 24 - hour front desk with luggage storage space .
other facilities and services include indoor and outdoor swimming pool , 24 - hour room service , an onsite beauty salon , and babysitting services .
guests can also make use of the on - site barbeque facilities .
the attached bathroom offers shower facilities .
all rooms have garden views , a desk and tea / coffee making facilities plus free wifi .
all units have a kitchen with a dining area , sofa seating and a satellite tv .
a cable tv , a microwave and a refrigerator are offered in every room at spindrift motor inn .
guests may also rent a bicycle or car to explore the vicinity .
a 24 - hour fitness centre is located on site .
a coffee machine is also available .
relax sun bathing on the beach , framed in wild green dunes , or lying by the hotel pool .
there is also a kitchenette , equipped with a microwave , refrigerator and stovetop .
union station - downtown toronto is 40 minutes ' away .
the medieval manor house of haddon hall is only 8 miles away , and is surrounded by elizabethan gardens .
homemade dishes can be served at an extra charge on request .
each comes with an electric kettle , a desk and a table , as well as a hairdryer .
the tocina business has a café and a restaurant , where a daily breakfast buffet is served .
the accommodation at le philéas feature a living / sleeping area with an lcd tv and a double bed .
kitulgala house is 75 km from colombo international airport and a 2 . 5 - hour drive from colombo .
there is cable tv and a wooden coffee table .
there is a free , monitored , on - site parking .
free wifi access is available .
computers , a public kitchen , and barbecue facilities are also available for use .
offering a restaurant , vvf villages montchavin la plagne is located in bellentre .
the property offers free parking .
free garage parking is available on site .
free wifi access is available and the accommodation will provide guests with a tv , and a seating area .
big fish arranges barbecue and tapas evenings , and also offers rental of surf equipment , kayaks and mountain bikes . luggage storage , a laundry service , adaptors and free city maps are available .
the air - conditioned rooms are elegantly decorated with iron beds , brocade bed covers and curtains . in - room amenities include plasma tv screens , safe and fridge .
located on garden level , this apartment features air conditioning , ironing facilities and a well - equipped kitchen with an oven , a microwave , a toaster , as well as a kettle .
these historic florence self - catering apartments feature a kitchen and free wifi .
all rooms are located on the ground floor of this 1 - level home located atop 150 acres of land .
the lounge has sofas , a dining area and a flat - screen tv .
special diet meals can also be prepared upon request , while barbecue facilities are available .
the living area has a sofa , satellite tv and fireplace .
with a kitchenette , the apartments have a seating area .
located in panglao city , kentian star tourist inn is just 500 metres from the beachfront .
each room here will provide you with views of the garden or woods .
every room is equipped with a private bathroom .
guests can watch tv and movies and play board games by an open wood fire in the spacious lounge .
this apartment faces the surrounding greenery and includes a washing machine and flat - screen tv .
simply furnished , air - conditioned rooms come with tiled flooring , a clothes rack , electric kettle and a flat - screen tv .
there is a 24 - hour front desk , a shared kitchen , gift shop , and shops at the property .
it includes a variety of fresh fruits , breads and cold meats , as well as a selection of hot and cold drinks .
you can enjoy garden view from all the rooms .
murcia - san javier airport is 27 km from the property .
a luggage room and shower room are available for guests following check - out .
free private parking is available on site .
each of the rooms at hotel forellengasthof waldeck comes equipped with a balcony , a tv and a private bathroom with a hairdryer .
air - conditioned guest rooms are fitted with an electric kettle , tea / coffee making facilities and a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
guests can visit the domus aurea , a 5 - minute walk from the kambal .
da peppe ’ s restaurant specialises in typical sicilian cuisine .
there is also a kitchen , fitted with a toaster and fridge .
the property offers apartments with a balcony and air conditioning .
free parking and free wifi access is available throughout the apartment .
the fully - equipped kitchen has a dining area , microwave , refrigerator , stove and oven .
located in the centre of sarajevo , just 100 metres from the lively baščaršija , hostel city center sarajevo offers air - conditioned accommodation with free wi - fi access . the property offers free - to - use computers in the lounge and a free guided tour of sarajevo ' s old town .
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings , including cycling and canoeing .
the apartments here feature a seating area , cable tv , a private bathroom and a fully equipped kitchen .
princes street and edinburgh castle are 15 minutes ’ walk away .
offering plenty of natural light by day , all rooms come with a flat - screen tv with cable and satellite channels , a working desk and a kettle .
rooms at the mh piacenza junior hotel have a satellite tv , carpeted floors and a private bathroom with shower .
the kitchenette is equipped with a ceramic hob , oven and coffee machine .
a stovetop and kettle are also available .
top quality american simmons beds are included in most rooms which is not common in most icelandic hotels .
a breakfast is served every morning at the property .
the uffizi gallery is 2 . 5 km away .
a bus stop with links to the town centre and beach is 150 metres away .
free wifi is available throughout .
bharat hotel is a 30 - minute drive from ernakulam north railway station and a 45 - minute drive from cochin international airport .
st . peter ' s basilica and the vatican museums are just 6 metro stops away .
every room includes free sky - tv .
the kitchen has a dishwasher and an oven , as well as a coffee machine .
it also has a garden , a patio and bbq facilities .
free parking space is available on site .
there is easy access to the a67 motorway and santander is 115 km away .
feturing edgy , sleek designs , the units have wooden flooring , a flat - screen tv with satellite channels and air conditioning .
select rooms offer mountain or river views .
the restaurant serves international cuisine and is open daily until late .
chengdu north railway station is a 14 - minute drive away , while shuangliu airport is a 35 - minute car journey away .
the living room includes a sofa bed , dining table and flat - screen tv . the kitchen is equipped with a washing machine , oven and microwave .
visconteo castle is 900 metres away .
various cafes and restaurants are a 2 - minute walk from best guest porto hostel .
guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant .
other services include a currency exchange and tour desk .
a full kitchen and fireplace are featured in all of the spacious apartments at plaza condominiums . a cable tv with dvd player and a washer and tumble dryer are provided in all units .
guests can choose between a breakfast buffet or takeaway items .
the main restaurant serves and american breakfast daily and serves a menu of italian , asian and maldivian dishes for lunch and dinner . it also offers theme nights buffet and barbecue .
a tv is provided .
al ain national museum is a 5 - minute drive away .
outdoor activities at artale hotel include tennis and horse riding .
a business centre that offers fax and photocopying services is also provided .
vida en el lago ’ s tour desk can help arrange activities like boat rides on the lake , or guests can visit the neighbouring magical village of taxco , a 1 - hour drive away .
some units include a terrace and / or balcony .
a mini market is just 15 metres away , while a few restaurants are available 400 metres away .
towels and bed linen are available at moradia rústica .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out konnos beach and trinity beach at 4 km .
mas mato is a holiday home located on the outskirts of begur , 7 minutes ' drive from the historic centre ; and just 2 km from sa riera and pals beaches .
each room includes a private bathroom equipped with a bath .
there is an outdoor swimming pool on site .
opéra marigny is located in the 8th arrondissement in paris , between the famous opéra garnier and place de la madeleine .
the property offers room service .
guests can visit the illuminations or central shopping area .
all rooms are equipped with a minibar and tea / coffee maker .
it is a 10 - minute drive from shizuoka sengen jinja shrine , and a 12 - minute drive from archaeological site toro iseki .
it is 1 km from klong nin beach and 4 km from ba kan tieng bay .
each house comes with a well - equipped kitchen and a 4 - seater dining table .
guests can relax on the terrace facing the south or in the garden and children can enjoy the playground .
cafes are a 5 - minute walk away .
there is a seating area , a dining area and a kitchen equipped with a dishwasher .
with competitive rates , the hotel offers comfortable accommodation at great prices .
this art nouveau palace boasts a sauna and a restaurant with a sunny terrace for al fresco dining .
set on 15 wooded acres in historic and charming brandon , vermont , cozy cottages welcomes guests with clean , cozy clapboard style vermont cottages .
limenas port is within 12 km of the property .
they come with a tv , kitchen or kitchenette and dining table .
dream palace hotel has a restaurant that offers international cuisine and regional dishes .
skien is 38 km from valbergtunet hostel , while moss is 29 km from the property .
there is a possibility to hire a professional instructor , as well as rent necessary equipment on site , along with mountainboard decks .
rougemont train station is just a 5 - minute walk away . gstaad and chateau d ` œx can be reached by car in 10 minutes .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
hotel bayview also has a business centre , beauty salon and free private parking .
the hotel is 5 km from calis beach and 13 km from oludeniz beach .
10 minutes from the m4 motorway , 4 km from cardiff city centre and the millennium stadium , this premier inn hotel offers free parking and a david lloyd leisure club .
a bathroom with a shower is standard in all units .
guests of dimora nei trulli also have access to a garden and bicycle rental .
there are one living room and one bedroom , suitable for 4 guests .
the private bath or shower rooms have a hairdryer and complimentary toiletries .
several restaurants are within 1 mile of the motel , including country cookin ’ and café michel .
a buffet with cold cuts , cheese and eggs on request as well as jams and handmade butter is served for breakfast in the restaurant .
the air - conditioned rooms at the best western quartier latin pantheon are all soundproofed and have tea and coffee making facilities .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling and hiking .
wi - fi and parking are free .
guests can enjoy the new year ' s eve fireworks show from their private terraces .
wifi is available in the restaurant , as well as in most rooms .
latina is 26 km from the property .
the nearest airport is vigo airport , 24 km from duerming portonovo picó .
a kitchenette , living area and garden are available at the cottage , which is located in an bang village .
the russian drama theatre and st . volodymyr ’ s cathedral are within 20 minutes ’ walk of the apartments .
a terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms .
the staff at naz han can arrange a shuttle service to ephesus .
guests can enjoy meals at the on - site restaurant .
fax and photocopying services are available .
free wifi is provided in all areas of the hotel .
the accommodation comes with a tv . there is also a kitchenette , fitted with a fridge . each unit is equipped with a private bathroom with a shower .
the individually decorated rooms have air conditioning free wifi , a minibar and cable tv .
a flat - screen tv is available .
set in the centre of alghero , seaview alghero apt offers self - catering accommodation with free wifi a balcony overlooking the promenade and mediterranean sea .
it features a flat - screen cable tv and a kitchen with a stove and a fridge .
railway station is 500 metres from property , while talagi airport is 9 km from the property .
the apartment features a seating area , a fully equipped kitchen with microwave , a washing machine , and a bathroom with bath tub and hairdryer .
the comfortable accommodation will provide you with a flat - screen cable tv , a refrigerator and air conditioning .
the hotel seeblick offers rooms with views of the lake and the chiemgau alps .
a comfortable seating area with a flat - screen tv and sofa is also included .
guests also have heated ski storage lockers and a free ski bus to the alta valtellina ski area that stops just a few metres away .
guests can enjoy at the on - site restaurant nook international cuisine for breakfast , lunch and dinner .
in fine weather , it can be enjoyed in the garden .
a flat - screen tv with pay channels and a safe are standard in air - conditioned rooms .
the well - equipped kitchenette and dining area includes a fridge , microwave with grill , coffee maker and washing machine .
each has internet access and some have views over the city .
the nearest airport is humberside airport , 21 km from dolphin rooms .
free wi - fi is included in all rooms .
around - the - clock front desk service and free on - site parking is provided .
featuring a garden , hostel and campsite mystical adventures offers accommodations in urubamba .
fitted with a balcony offering garden and pool views and a seating area , spacious rooms are air - conditioned , and feature a flat - screen tv with cable channels and a dvd player .
decorated with stone walls , wooden beams and antique furniture , the apartments and studios are fitted with an lcd tv , a fully equipped kitchen and sea views .
recreational facilities include a safari tour desk and an outdoor pool .
hotel renesans is located 1km from the city zoo , and 1 . 2 km from zamość train station .
bed linen and towels are provided .
an indoor and outdoor pool can be found 2 km away , while a public swimming lake can be reached in a 10 - minute walk .
live music is also offered upon request .
set in a traditional country house on the edge of the northern black forest , these apartments are quietly located in the village of mitteltal . spacious accommodation with balconies and internet access are offered here .
vigo airport is 56 km away .
from 7am - 11pm .
air conditioning , a washing machine and dishwasher are available .
hostel teremok is set in arkhangelsk , 500 metres from trud stadium .
the nearest restaurant is in hotel srní 1 . 2 km from the property .
rooms at shamrock arms guest lodge have a private entrance , and some face the gardens .
activities and sights in chefchaouen include the medina , the waterfall , old mosque and the kasbah .
each room is simply decorated and includes bed and bath linen .
the apartments at résidence sogenor le grand air are individually decorated and have a bathroom with bath or shower . each includes a kitchenette with a refrigerator and a balcony for enjoying the alpine views .
there is also a kitchen , equipped with a microwave and toaster .
it features 2 bedrooms , 2 bathrooms with showers , a living room and a dining area .
this hotel has a ski school , a ski pass sales point and ski storage space and ski equipment hire is available .
domarudden friluftsgård offers bedroom accommodation set over a collection of cottages on the hostel site .
guests are invited to prepare home - cooked meals and snacks in the fully equipped kitchen , complete with a dishwasher and microwave .
staff can arrange for airport transfers and shuttle service at an additional fee .
meals can be enjoyed in the dining room with a fireplace .
the vibrant pub street , old market and cambodian cultural village are 2 . 8 km away . angkor wat is 8 km from day day inn , while kravan temple is 1 . 2 km from the property .
rooms come with a flat - screen tv . some rooms include a seating area for your convenience .
traditional mexican cuisine is on offer in the zahra ’ s restaurant , which overlooks tulum beach .
there is a tour desk , valet parking and a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
free use of bicycles and car hire are available at the property and the area is popular for cycling .
apartamento beko trip is a 15 - minute walk from the nearest restaurants and bars .
slippers , towels and free toiletries are available .
there is a safety deposit box and a private bathroom with free toiletries and a hairdryer .
mini - suites with lounge areas are also available .
the apartment is non - smoking , but there is a designated smoking area on the balcony .
meals can be enjoyed in the privacy of guestrooms .
other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage . the property offers free parking .
the nearest beach is some 50 metres away .
free bicycle are available to rent .
a partner restaurant serving regional specialities is 400 metres away .
free wired high - speed internet access is available .
local restaurants and cafes , offering dishes from the international and local cuisine , are within a 2 - minute walk of efes .
winter skiing and summer water rafting , horseback riding and fishing opportunities are offered in the area around this hotel .
motel aza is 500 metres from the wilsons river and 750 metres from lismore regional gallery and city hall .
all apartments have a private furnished balcony and a kitchen with dining area .
a small refrigerator , coffee - making facilities and a work desk are included .
the sierra del tigre mountains are a 20 - minute drive away .
a shared kitchen is also available , as well as a terrace where breakfast is served during summer .
guests can enjoy a continental breakfast in the eating lounge , while enjoying the views .
there is a seating area , a dining area and a kitchen complete with an oven , a fridge and a stovetop .
offering a barbecue and sun terrace , pokoje gościnne natalia ii is situated in mosty in the pomerania region .
hotell skytterhuset is located near storvannet ( the big lake ), tjuven ( the thief mountain ) and the famous hiking path to the thief mountain .
at family hotel you will find a 24 - hour front desk .
you can find shops , bars and restaurants within a 3 - minute drive in central roseau .
you can also rent a bicycle from the hotel to explore the surrounding countryside .
the attached bathroom comes with shower facilities .
guests can enjoy a mountain view from the holiday home .
hostal pensimar has a breakfast room and a bar .
situated a 10 - minute walk from the dnieper river embankment , this eco - friendly hotel offers a sauna and a garden .
vegetables and hazelnuts are grown on site .
at the restaurant , traditional swiss cuisine and regional specialities are served .
there is free wifi , air conditioning , heating and a flat - screen tv . the kitchen comes with a fridge , microwave , coffee maker and oven .
free wifi is available throughout the property and free private parking is available on site .
the kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher and a fridge .
each is complete with a flat - screen tv , desk and en suite bathroom .
due to group policy , hotel may not accept bookings for 10 or more rooms .
extras include slippers and free toiletries .
simple western and chinese breakfast can be enjoyed at the on - site restaurant .
the hotel is also conveniently located for accessing the main railway station and the airport .
room service is available upon request .
located within 10 minutes ' walk from premier shopping at the houston galleria , this modern boutique hotel features free wifi and a full dining experience at the on - site bar and restaurant , revolve kitchen + bar .
the railway station is 300 metres from the violetta house .
the luxurious hotel offers a fitness room , 2 restaurants and indoor and outdoor pools .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
each room features either garden or street view .
the chateau is a 5 - minute drive from ladphrao mrt subway station , providing great access throughout the city .
located in vienna , danube canal view offers a restaurant , 300 metres from schwedenplatz metro stop and 400 metres from stubentor metro stop .
the centre of vilnius is about 6 km away from airinn vilnius hotel , the old town is 5 km away and vilnius bus and train stations are 3 km from the hotel .
every room has a private bathroom .
it features a tour desk and 24 - hour reception .
each room is equipped with a private bathroom fitted with a shower .
set in a georgian property , a mile from historical salisbury , merivale house offers free parking , free wi - fi and cooked breakfasts .
all units feature a balcony or a terrace overlooking the sea .
dining options include an air - conditioned restaurant and an open - air poolside restaurant , both serving goan and continental delights .
guests can relax on the sun loungers available by the pool or in the garden .
select rooms include a coffee machine and a refrigerator .
free bikes and free private parking are available on site the property .
the property is 38 km from the city of lecce and 45 km from otranto .
free wifi is available in all rooms .
a chargeable airport shuttle service and ticketing services are also available .
from may to september , there are additional daytime activities , including fitness classes and workshops .
guests in need can take advantage of free parking service .
free parking is available .
riverbend guest house is located in saskatoon .
these countryside apartments offer modern kitchen facilities , a living / dining room and a terrace .
the property is located 1 km from lido centro train station , which offers links to the centre of rome .
offering a garden with a terrace and barbecue facilities , la maison du soleil is located in brussels .
parking at the property is free .
guests are welcome to use a finnish sauna and relax in a hot tub .
within 300 metres of the property , guests can find the local food market and a supermarket .
travel arrangements can be made at the tour desk . staff at the 24 - hour reception can assist with luggage storage bicycle rental and airport shuttle services .
it features a colourful lounge with a big plasma tv and a shared kitchen .
the accommodation will provide you with a tv and air conditioning .
the nearest mini - market can be found within a 3 - minute walk away .
the fan - cooled 3 - bedroom bungalow features living and dining areas and a private bathroom with shower facilities and toiletries .
free wifi is offered throughout the property .
guests can also take a trip to klementieva mountain ( 4 km ).
featuring a spa bath , private bathrooms also come with a shower and free toiletries .
you will find him at the premises during check - in and check - out time .
the rooms are fitted with a flat - screen tv with cable channels .
krasnoyarsk state theatre of opera and ballet is 1 . 2 km from kolos hotel , while krasnoyarsk museum centre is 2 . 4 km from the property .
breakfast consists of sweet and savoury products , served together with hot drinks .
featuring a garden with bbq facilities and playground , green house offers country - style accommodation in the pollino national park .
private parking is available on site free of charge .
all units include a seating and dining area .
children can play on the playground with a sand box and swings . sauna is available on site upon request .
batumi international airport is 6 . 6 km from the property .
casaluce is 34 km from perugia san francesco d ’ assisi airport .
all apartments are self - catering , featuring either a kitchen or a kitchenette .
each room comes with a dressing room and a private bathroom with a shower .
located in north conway in the new hampshire region , 2 . 5 km from kahuna laguna , quality inn north conway boasts an indoor pool and a ski pass sales point .
sauna , massage service and free wi - fi in all areas are available .
longbai xincun metro station ( line 10 ) is a 5 - minute walk away .
located 500 metres from the vatican museums , in rome , er sampietrino de roma sparita features self - catering accommodation with free wifi access .
the town of locarno and many of the sights , including the castello visconteo , chiesa di san francesco and santuario della madonna del sasso are less than 15 minutes ’ by car from the hotel .
pouso da trilha hospedagem is situated a 30 - minute walk from the natural pools of ribeirao do meio and serrano .
hotel solymar is located near malaga ’ s train and bus station .
most rooms include a view .
crossroads mall is 20 minutes ’ drive from the motel .
other facilities include electric heating and it is possible to make use of the wood - burning stove .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with free toiletries .
apartments come with a kitchen , dining area and living room .
this langhorne , pennsylvania hotel offers free shuttle service to sesame place , a theme park .
guests can make arrangements for car or motorbike hire , transfer shuttles , day trips and spa treatments at the reception .
free on - site parking is available and can accommodate most cars , trucks and buses .
it has air - conditioned guestrooms and free wi - fi throughout the property .
the restaurant serves international cuisine , and guests can also admire views of saint malo bay with a drink from the bar .
located 300 metres from foluskie lake in żnin , agroturystyka rozalinowo is surrounded by forest and offers a buffet restaurant and free bikes , and horseriding .
on request , the eifelhaus offers varied breakfasts in the mornings .
other facilities at cantavil hoan cau include a shared lounge .
aranda del duero and peñafiel is 22 km away .
this hotel has a garden with an outdoor heated swimming pool and a terrace . free wi - fi access is available .
the property also offers packed lunches and mini - market .
a yacht port can be reached in 700 metres .
other facilities at apartment in el cortijo include a year - round outdoor pool .
each room at this guest house is air conditioned and comes with a flat - screen tv .
the nearest airport is paris - orly airport , 17 km from turgot .
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower in each unit .
a complimentary soft drink is available at check - in .
a flat - screen tv is available in the separate living area of the apartment at hollywood legacy suite .
the property is 2 . 2 km from royal phuket marina .
apartmanok . the bus stop is 1 km away , the croatian border is 8 km away and the town of pécs is 20 km away .
estombar - lagoa train station is 7 km away and via do infante , offering motorway access to the whole algarve , is 5 km away .
the firenze mia is located 1 km from florence cathedral and 1 . 5 km from the ponte vecchio bridge .
each apartment is equipped with a cable tv , microwave oven , fridge , rice cooker and dining utensils .
wi - fi access is available in the lobby .
guests have free access to a sauna , hot tub and solarium , and the outdoor terrace offers views over the surrounding gardens and parkland .
apartments on gogolevsky boulevard is 2 metro stops from kiyevsky train station and 30 km from sheremetyevo airport .
after working in the business centre , guests can play a game of golf at one of the nearby championship courses .
yangshuo village inn is a 15 - minute drive from the tourist centre of west street .
the private bathroom comes with a bath or shower , bidet and hairdryer .
all guest rooms at the faubourg are equipped with a flat - screen satellite tv . each guest room has a private bathroom .
rovinj aquarium and the cathedral of st . euphemia are located in the town centre .
xango ’ s 24 - hour reception staff can provide information on local restaurants and activities .
hotel yichen shanghai is 40 km from people ’ s square and 36 km from shanghai south railway station .
it offers a sauna , a hot tub with panoramic views and a wooden terrace with outdoor furniture .
it also comes equipped with a fan , sofa and safe .
all rooms at hotel avenida palace are equipped with free wired internet and contain a tv , a fan and a private bathroom .
centrally located in rome , genova guest house is just a 10 - minute walk from termini train station .
a continental breakfast , enriched with omelets , yoghurt and homemade cake can be enjoyed daily in the common dining area .
the anaheim hills golf course is a 10 - minute drive away .
each has a well - equipped kitchenette , a seating area and a tv .
guests can make currency exchanges and arrange for car rentals at the hotel ’ s tour desk .
only steps from nashville ' s most popular attractions , this all - suite historic hotel offers all the comforts of home , including full kitchens , and is ideally placed in the center of all the action .
the louis leger hotel also has a lobby bar .
guests staying 3 or more nights can use the on - site sauna for free .
the guest house also offers free use of bicycles .
in summer , bbq facilities are provided .
katoomba manor offers stylish and modern suites just 650 metres from katoomba train station .
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
hilton beirut habtoor grand has a free shuttle service running between the hotel and downtown areas .
it offers 5 - star facilities that include a variety of elegant and well - appointed rooms and suites reflecting a contemporary malaysian style , with sweeping views over andaman sea and gunung mat chinchang rainforest .
it offers outdoor furniture and bbq facilities .
ferienweingut hensler provides free private parking on site , and also has a secure garage for motorcycles and bicycles .
monet ’ s gardens at giverny are a 50 - minute drive from the accommodation .
the nearest airport is delhi international airport , 19 km from meditation palace .
the property has a private beach area and car hire is available .
it offers free wi - fi and a garden with a terrace .
the nearest airport is suvarnabhumi , 18 km from sukhumvit privacy , and the property offers a free shuttle service .
the hotel offers shoeshine , dry cleaning services and free usage of computer in the lobby .
one of the double rooms features an outdoor hot tub .
there are barbecue facilities onsite .
the archaeological site of delphi is 8 km away , while the scenic , seaside town of galaxidi is at 40 km .
apartments near the summer garden is a self - catering accommodation located in saint petersburg , within a 5 - minute walk of the field of mars and the summer garden .
apartment at the tyrol landhaus have a south - east facing balcony with mountain views , a kitchenette , seating area , satellite tv and a bathroom with a shower and toilet .
shakh - name is a self - catering accommodation located in odessa .
suvarnabhumi international airport is a 32 km drive away .
an american breakfast is served daily .
the kitchen includes a washing machine , tumble dryer , microwave , nespresso coffee machine and kettle .
other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage .
relax in your elegant room , tastefully decorated with rich fabrics and paintings .
they also have a balcony .
it is tranquilly located in green countryside , 20 km north - east of frankfurt .
simply furnished rooms at the karczma come with a flat - screen tv . each provides a private bathroom featuring a shower cabin .
an oven , a microwave and a fridge can be found in the kitchen .
conveniently located in bursa , camlibel hotel is within a walking distance from historical sites such as ulu mosque , grand bazaar and ottoman museum .
a full scottish breakfast is served in the morning .
just 80 metres from the beach of bali in crete , athina apartments features a pool , a poolside bar and a restaurant with a sea - view sun terrace .
some rooms are fitted with traditional futon bedding , while others have western beds .
grocery shops and restaurants can be found within walking distance and free wi - fi access is provided in the studio .
the apartment features a patio and has views of the garden . it consists of a living area with a flat - screen tv with satellite and cable channels as well as a dvd player , a well - equipped kitchen with a dining area , and a bathroom fitted with a bathtub , a shower and a hairdryer .
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge .
house elka features free wifi .
the danube riverbank is within 500 metres from cozy apartment elizabeth bridge and the pedestrian shopping street váci utca can be reached at the distance of 290 metres .
guests can enjoy a meal at the on - site restaurant or a drink at the bar .
a designated dining area is available in the garden of the emona house .
natznerhof mineralienhotel provides free parking , free bike rental and free wi - fi throughout .
port aux cerises offers a variety of open - air activities beside the lake .
you can play billiards at the guest house .
you can enjoy city view and garden view from the room .
free wifi access and an outdoor swimming pool are available in this holiday home .
staff can help organize a wide range of outdoor activities , including paragliding , canoeing or climbing .
free wi - fi is provided .
each apartment includes a private balcony overlooking the pool , a dining area and a kitchenette . there is also a living room with a flat - screen tv and a private bathroom .
holiday home sløruglevej slagelse xi is located in korsør .
numerous cafés , pubs and shops can be found in the immediate vicinity .
free covered parking is possible on site .
simferopol airport is 70 km away .
featuring a shower , the private bathrooms also come with free toiletries and towels .
the hotel is 1 . 6 km from the orsay museum and 1 . 7 km from place de la concorde .
the modern rooms at hotel nyx come with flat - screen cable tvs and a free minibar .
this historic townhouse offers bed - and - breakfast rooms and self - catered apartments with flat - screen tv and free wifi in the centre of antwerp . rosier 10 features a courtyard and is just over a 10 - minute from the mas museum .
rooms have both air conditioning and a fan .
complete with a microwave , the dining area also has an oven and refrigerator .
renovated in 2005 , all rooms at koruna hotel have a tv set and a private bathroom with shower cabin .
each has a furnished terrace .
the property is 4 , 9 km from amazon theatre and 8 km from eduardo gomes international airport .
guests have access to fire pits and a common games area at the bed and breakfast york creek . a hot tub is also available .
the apartment has a fully equipped kitchenette and the haus gruber offers a bun service for surcharge .
this converted power station offers guests uniquely themed apartments with free wi - fi , and includes a garden with barbecue .
free private parking is available on site .
bed linen is provided .
you can go to the beach located right below the property .
bright and modern , the apartment includes a living room with flat - screen tv , a working area and a kitchen equipped with an oven and washing machine .
operating a 24 - hour front desk to welcome guests , kings crown vip road is located barely 2 . 5 km from netaji subhash chandra bose international airport and the howrah railway station .
vrsar centre is 500 metres away from pineta hotel .
evening receptions with free beer and wine occur weekly .
each unit features a private bathroom with slippers .
rio de janeiro / galeao international airport is located 19 km away .
situated in gràcia district , famous for its trendy bars and artisan shops , hostal guest house barcelona offers rooms with free wifi and heating . sagrada familia cathedral is a 10 - minute walk away .
business facilities can also be provided at a surcharge .
set in amsterdam , canal view apartment is close to the city centre , westerpark , jordaan and central station .
guests can enjoy a relaxing massage in one of the spa villas or do some quiet reading in the library .
there is a 24 - hour front desk and gift shop at the property .
included in all units are a tv , sofa seating area and private balcony .
this self - catering accommodation features free wifi .
the on - site cheerleader pub and grill serves pub food while showing sports on over 20 flat - screen tvs .
within 20 metres of the property , you will find a super market , a restaurant , a café and a bus stop .
each room at this guest house is air conditioned and offers a flat - screen tv with cable channels .
all rooms feature a flat - screen tv , a dvd player and included bed linen .
am samui palace is located in lamai , just 2 minutes ’ walk from the white sandy beach .
the strážnice castle is a 10 - minute drive away and the milotice castle is 15 minutes by car from the lidový dům hotel .
the property is located 8 km away from indira gandhi international airport . the shopping hub of connaught place is just 1 km away . old delhi railway station is about 40 km away from the property .
just 150 metres from the beach in chernomorets , vteps hotel offers accommodation with free wifi and a courtyard with private parking and a children ’ s playground .
holiday home peter malersvej blåvand ii is located in blåvand and it can accommodate up to twelve guests .
horseback riding is provided 300 metres away .
the bed and breakfast is 2 . 3 km from stellenbosch university , 3 . 1 km from oom samie se winkel and 5 . 5 km from jonkershoek nature reserve .
in the mornings , guests can enjoy a rich buffet breakfast prepared with fresh , local ingredients .
yu jia apartment is a 25 - minute drive from chongqing north railway station , a 30 - minute drive from chongqing railway station and chongqing terminal station .
featuring free wifi , all apartments offer sea views .
the home - like rooms come complete with a flat - screen tv , air conditioning and free wi - fi .
breakfast is served buffet style . it includes cakes , cold cuts and eggs , together with hot drinks and juices .
it offers rooms and a cottage , both with free wi - fi access and free private parking on site .
additional features include free wifi access throughout and free public parking on site .
a variety of massages are available at an additional cost .
all rooms at ti paradis feature stylish contemporary décor , air conditioning and private bathrooms .
private bathrooms come with a bathrobe and free toiletries .
the nearest grocery store and a children ' s playground are 150 metres away , as well as a restaurant serving fish and meat dishes .
holiday home thorupsvej is located in ebeltoft .
the patricia ’ s bright , modern decor adds to the sunny ambiance of the building .
it offers accommodation with a seasonal outdoor swimming pool and barbecue facilities .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including golfing , cycling and hiking .
a 2 - minute walk from jungut batu beach , j & s jungle villa has a public plunge pool and a private terrace with day beds overlooking the lush tropical gardens . free wi - fi is accessible throughout the property .
some rooms come with a spa bath .
guests can enjoy drinks in the stylish bar , which features billiards tables .
there is a fully equipped kitchen present that includes a dishwasher and a microwave .
private bathroom comes with a shower and hairdryer .
fire island national seashore is 12 miles away .
located in flintsbach , this apartment features a terrace . the unit is 37 km from kitzbühel .
the upper floors of the sorolla palace offer impressive city views ; and the outdoor pool has a retractable roof which covers it during the winter , spring and autumn months .
other leisure activities include a wii lounge , a laser biathlon , table tennis , darts and a football pitch .
free wifi access is available on site .
they are equipped with a private bathroom , a tv and free wi - fi access .
breakfast and slippers can be brought to your room on request .
it offers elegant accommodation overlooking the harbour and the city .
the shops and restaurants of corowa town centre are 1 km from the motel .
the property is 500 metres from tamar , a turtle protection project . garcia d ` avila castle ruins are 1 km away .
the přimda ski area is 15 km away and a sports centre with pools and tennis courts is located nearby .
the hotel is 1 km from castle stolzenfels .
apartments baja provides free wi - fi and free parking in ulcinj , about 400 metres walking distance from the mala plaža beach and 700 metres from the old town .
the top - floor sky bar is a spectacular spot to relax , dine or take a drink while watching the passing boat traffic .
all air conditioned , rooms are fitted with a flat - screen tv . the private bathroom includes a large shower and a bidet .
situated 200 metres from vallée village shopping centre in serris , this apartment features free wifi . the unit is 500 metres from aquarium sea life val d ' europe .
the private bathroom comes with a shower or bathtub and free toiletries .
the property is located about 5 km from the nearest beaches and 8 km from querqueville .
apartment on komsomolskaya offers accommodation in chelyabinsk , 1 km from pushkin city gargen .
free wi - fi is available throughout .
the rooms feature a private bathroom and are linen is provided .
the town of la alberca is a 15 - minute drive away and an hour and 15 minutes ’ drive will take you to the city of salamanca .
an airport shuttle service can be arranged . luggage storage facilities are also available .
a large breakfast buffet is served each morning .
all rooms come with cable tv , work desk and a seating area . the private bathrooms have showers and toiletries .
extras include cable channels .
at red roof inn & suites herkimer you will find a 24 - hour front desk . guests also have access to laundry facilities and a vending machine .
located 4 . 1 km from aquabrava water park , roses mar offers apartments right on the coast in roses .
avnb towers is conveniently located just a 2 - minute walk from pallavaram railway and the bus station , providing easy access around the city .
guests can listen to the piano and relax at the lounge , which overlooks the garden .
in the heart of the west yorkshire pennines , just off the m62 motorway , this traditional 3 - star hotel combines friendly , traditional service with excellent facilities and delicious italian food .
wifi internet access is free .
vogelstein is a sstudio located in grindelwald . the property is 3 . 0 km from first and 1 . 4 km from ski lift grindelwald grund - männlichen .
this holiday home is 90 km from côte d ' azur airport .
each is fitted with a seating area , mosquito net and hammock . shower facilities are in the en suite bathroom .
this holiday inn is located off us highway 59 / 271 , and is 32 miles from fort smith .
rooms provide guests with a private bathroom , bed linen and towels .
the neatly decorated studio apartment with tiled floors provides a flat - screen cable tv , air conditioning , fan , desk , wardrobe and private bathroom . there is a full kitchen with a refrigerator , oven , stove , microwave and utensils .
each air - conditioned bedroom has a flat - screen tv , personal safe and an en suite bathroom with a bathtub .
a restaurant , serving local and international dishes , and a grocery store are 150 metres away .
other facilities offered at the property include a children ' s playground .
the kitchenette features a microwave .
other facilities offered at the property include a tour desk , luggage storage and a vending machine .
the nearest airport is catania fontanarossa airport , 6 km from the property .
at casale sambuceto country house you will find a garden and barbecue facilities .
the air - conditioned guestrooms have cable tv .
in summer , castello di san marco charming hotel & spa has its own private beach .
the nearest airport is phuket international airport , 25 km from peace on earth retreat .
the property boasts a spa centre where guests can enjoy a variety of massages .
the apartment complex lies 15 km from limassol , 30 km from larnaca and 50 km from nicosia .
free wifi is available .
breakfast is served in the breakfast room .
doubletree by hilton cape town upper eastside is located within 5 km from the cape town international convention centre .
tivat airport is 15 km away .
the air - conditioned accommodation will provide you with a full kitchen , which includes a microwave , refrigerator , stove , oven and kitchenware .
mosegården faaborg v is located in fåborg and offers accommodation for 8 people .
schönhauser allee and the famous mauerpark ( wall park ) are a 5 - minute walk away .
the guest rooms at the holiday inn express and suites merrimack include cable tv and a work desk .
sunny beach holiday villa kaliva is 500 metres from the beach , and features a summer outdoor pool in green surroundings . free wi - fi and free private parking are available .
the noa residence in oxford offers self - catering apartments just one mile from the city centre .
rooms at the arrasate feature vibrant decor , landscape paintings and wooden floors .
a shuttle to the airport can be arranged by the property .
there is also a fully - equipped kitchen and a dining area .
ronald reagan washington airport is 9 km from the hotel , while baltimore - washington international airport is 52 km away .
supermarkets and restaurants can be found within walking distance and château rouge metro station is 100 metres away , which offers direct access to the notre dame .
the rural surroundings are great for relaxing walks or bike trips . squash courts can be found just 100 metres from the guest house , tennis courts are 2 km away and the hostivar golf course is 3 km away .
an array of beaches , bars and restaurants lie within a short driving distance of the property . the air - conditioned unit is 15 km from heraklio town where numerous shops and museums can be found .
the building was built in 1896 and sits on 16 hectares of tropical gardens .
private bathrooms also come with a shower .
overlooking the gardens , the yellow hibiscus restaurant offers indoor and outdoor dining .
hotel sofyan betawi is in central jakarta , within walking distance to cut mutiah mosque .
you can enjoy sea view and mountain view from the room .
at an extra cost , bicycles are available for hire at reception .
the accommodation is equipped with a dining area and a seating area with a satellite flat - screen tv . a microwave and kettle are also provided .
the ospedale garibaldi centro hospital is less than a 9 - minute drive away .
a desk and full - length mirror is also included .
it features an outdoor pool , a fitness centre and spacious rooms with free wi - fi access .
las nazarenas church is 5 km away .
the tranquil refugio da maceira is located in marvão , amidst the green areas of the serra de são mamede natural park .
barbecue facilities are on - site and a private entrance is available for guest convenience .
featuring free wifi and a restaurant , guest house pihlajapuu offers pet - friendly accommodation in nurmes .
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven .
the hotel is a 5 - minute drive from king fahad ’ s fountain .
private bathrooms also come with a shower .
guests can visit the beaches of estepona , 50 km away .
there is also a kitchen , equipped with an oven , toaster and fridge . a stovetop is also featured , as well as a coffee machine and a kettle .
the hotel is 281 km from patna airport and 7 km from jasidih railway station .
hot and cold items are offered , along with coffee and juice .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
lookout darling features a furnished terrace where guests can relax .
located 3 . 8 km from the national museum , ashan ' s cozy apartments offers comfortable stay .
some rooms offer views of the lake .
some days inn kissimmee west rooms also include a seating area with a sofa bed .
there is a 24 - hour snack bar and guests can enjoy their meals on the terrace .
alpenhotel rieger has a spa with indoor swimming pool , sauna and steam room .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
a flat - screen tv , free wi - fi and a spacious living area with sofas feature in this air - conditioned studio .
with free wi - fi throughout , this simple apartment comes with 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms with a shower .
duitama city centre is 17 km away and bogotá international airport is about 3 hours ’ drive away .
it also includes an open - plan dining and lounge area with satellite tv . the well - equipped kitchen has an oven , stovetop and microwave .
syktyvkar ’ s railway station is just a 10 - minute walk .
the apartments are bright and spacious .
it proposes self - catering studios with free wi - fi internet access .
located on the seafront in marsalforn , merhba offers self - catering accommodation with free wifi .
apartamenty sun & snow przemysłowa are located in the quiet outskirts of karpacz , and offer modern apartments - most with furnished balconies .
kandy museum is 1 . 7 km from the villa kandy , while lakeside adventist hospital is 2 . 1 km away .
at an altitude of 400m , it has spectacular views .
holiday home flovt havevej haderslev vi is ten person cottage located in flovt .
rooms at the lanta all seasons beach resort have a satellite tv , a work desk , air conditioning and a tea / coffee maker .
you will find a shared kitchen at the property .
a tv is offered .
2 lcd tvs are available , as well as a private bathroom with a shower .
rooms are decorated with bright colors .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
a 32 - inch flat - screen tv with free - to - air or satellite channels is standard in most studio apartments .
bowral is a 5 - minute drive , and bradman museum is a 10 - minute drive away .
it offers spacious and stylish rooms with a seating area and free w - fi internet .
guest of the the hotel can enjoy a daily continental breakfast .
units are equipped with a tv and telephone .
it features free wifi in the public area .
raimund theatre is 1 . 6 km from the property .
the kitchenette includes a stove , dishwasher and coffee machine .
a ski bus stop is a 2 - minute walk away .
located in the heart of hepburn springs , spa villas on main offers contemporary self - contained accommodation in a beautiful garden setting .
beach house zandvoort offers multiple apartments with wooden floors , light décor and free wi - fi in the centre of zandvoort , only 160 metres from the sandy beach .
each air - conditioned room is equipped with ironing facilities and tea and coffee - making facilities .
comforts include a flat - screen tv in the living room , a balcony , and a rustic - style outdoor terrace when barbecues can be held .
towels and bed linen are available .
it features a restaurant , free wi - fi and free parking .
a ski bus stops next to the property .
at beryozka cottage you will find barbecue facilities , a terrace and a bar .
miss luisa serves a varied breakfast , which can be enjoyed in the garden during the summer .
offering daily breakfast and all - day dining , gk café serves a variety of western and local dishes .
free wi - fi is available throughout the club at brickell bay by netwatch .
an american breakfast is served daily . drinks and snacks can be ordered at the bar .
slow city youth hostel is conveniently located in qingyang district of chengdu .
offering a restaurant , quinta de marrocos is located in peso da régua .
empoli is 30 km away .
free private parking is available on site .
ingolstadt is 30 km away .
quest brighton feature self - contained townhouses with a private double garage , a full kitchen and laundry facilities .
la libertad is 7 km from monkey lala el tunco suites , while la herradura is 50 km away .
penang international airport is accessible with a 14 km drive .
villa milou is situated only 5 km from wonderboom aerodrome , and 15 km from the union buildings .
relaxation options include a sauna , massage chairs and a hot tub .
the nearest airport is gold coast airport , 19 km from the property .
private bathroom also comes with a shower .
luggage storage and laundry services can be provided upon request .
within 10 minutes ’ walk , guests will find the famous fortezza , the venetian harbour , as well as the bus and taxi terminal that connect with heraklion and chania .
the nearest airport is samui airport , 2 km from the property .
penang international airport is a 45 - minute drive away .
it provides free wi - fi access .
boasting a 100 - m2 terrace overlooking the lake and mountains , riva del garda apartment betulla is in riva del garda .
set just a 10 - minute drive to the newly opened legoland and hello kitty theme park , euro + hotel johor bahru offers well - appointed rooms with air - conditioning and free wi - fi access .
it features a seasonal outdoor pool , a variety of activities and wooden bungalows with a terrace .
the přelouč train station is just 1 . 4 km away .
only 500 metres from the unesco - protected centre of trogir , it offers free parking and air - conditioned accommodation with free wi - fi .
a tv and dvd player are also offered .
with panoramic views over the fez medina from its large terrace , and serving traditional moroccan cuisine , ryad naila offers an authentic moroccan experience .
pets are welcome here as well , upon prior request .
the multilingual team of staff at reception can book guided tours , excursions , and theatre tickets . don ' t forget to pick up your free city map .
rooms are fitted with a tv .
cross - country skiing trails can be reached within a 20 - minute drive from the property .
the property features a garden , a sauna , barbecue facilities , a children ' s playground and a terrace .
at apartments ana you will find a terrace and barbecue facilities .
das lorely weinstuebchen offers views of the surrounding area , a terrace and a bar .
guests receive a 20 % discount to solf sauna paradies , featuring a pool and 5 saunas in the same building .
the university of canberra and canberra international sports and aquatic centre are within a 10 - minute walk away .
relax by the pool or enjoy a game of tennis , while the children have fun in dedicated facilities .
the sněžka mountain is 10 km from the property .
this large and modern family - friendly complex is located in sunny beach .
the private bathroom comes with an hydromassage shower or a spa bath and a hairdryer .
the multi - lingual staff at torlano can arrange guided tours and golfing trips .
facilities include a guest lounge with a 52 - inch flat - screen tv , and a communal kitchen .
it offers fully equipped accommodation with ionian sea and mountain views .
el arm el is located in grutas village , 250 metres to grutas lake and 1 km to grūto parkas – an open air soviet sculpture museum .
cross - country skiing tracks run beside the house and there is a tobogganing area for children .
the cruise also features a restaurant , library and free wi - fi access in its public areas .
this pacific grove bed and breakfast is located on monterey bay , just steps from the monterey bay recreational trail .
offering a restaurant , the rich residence is located in surat thani . free wi - fi access is available .
kissamos town is situated 30 km from blue pearl villa .
enjoying courtyard or side views of the aegean sea , all studios and apartments are air - conditioned .
within a 10 - minute walk there are several bars and restaurants , some serving typical portuguese food .
ferienwohnungen triebels offer bright and modern interiors as well as free on - site parking .
batumi international airport is 6 km away .
located in gelendzhik , guest house u katyuni features an outdoor pool and a sauna .
guests can make use of a ski storage room and a ski boot dryer on site .
hue hostel is located just 100 metres from huong river and 800 metres from dong ba market in hue .
a children ’ s playground is available for younger guests .
from early may to late october , the kärnten card is included in the rate .
the open - plan kitchen includes an oven , a dishwasher and a dining area and a washing machine is at guests ’ disposal .
a terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms .
there is a seating and / or dining area in some units .
at paralia luxury suites you will find a hot tub and a garden .
it is a 35 - minute drive from gimpo international airport and a 1 - hour drive from incheon international airport .
the adriatic coast is 20 km from the property , while bari is reachable by car in around 35 minutes .
the historic registan square is just a 5 - mintue walk from the family - run jahongir .
guests can also choose to hire a private chef .
toulon is 47 km from villa valdor .
fitted with a balcony offering views of the mountains , the villa features cable tv , seating area and fridge .
each apartment has a seating area and cable tv .
every room has a private bathroom .
just 10 minutes ’ drive from bury st edmunds , the hotel has a traditional restaurant .
after a day of touring , relax with a drink at myra hotel ’ s bar and enjoy the fun .
on request and for free , a pick - up service from san candido train station is provided .
the property includes an outdoor pool surrounded by a green garden , and air - conditioned apartments with free wi - fi .
in the lounge area satellite tv , dvd / cd player , dining table and chairs are also available .
all rooms come with a dining table and complimentary bottle of water .
seabreeze bistro serves bistro - style cuisine , and specialises in burgers , seafood and salads .
stresa is 18 km from la casa nel parco , while the switzerland border is 67 km from the property .
fitted with either tiled or wooden flooring , all rooms are equipped with a flat - screen tv , minibar and tea / coffee making facilities .
each room includes a tv and a private bathroom with a hairdryer .
breakfast and dinner are served on the sun terrace in fine weather .
offering a restaurant , manus bonas is located in tertenìa .
a terrace with outdoor fireplace is at guests ’ disposal .
there is a fully equipped kitchenette with an oven and a refrigerator .
cacoal selva park hotel is just 500 metres from capital do café airport , and 12 km from cacoal centre .
tayny okeana aquarium is 1 . 8 km from apartament sochi tsentr , while sochi winter theatre is 3 . 7 km away .
the apartments my vatican house are 600 metres from roma san pietro train station .
offering a la carte restaurant , norn ranong boutique hotel is located in ban nam sai . located 2 km from ranong airport , the property features a 24 - hour front desk , meeting facilities and massage service .
the simple air - conditioned rooms at toyoko inn kobe minatogawa koen include a personal safe and a wood desk . a humidifier is provided , and guests can relax with a video - on - demand movie .
its comfortable rooms offer 32 - inch flat - screen cable tvs with hbo .
overlooking the black sea and walking distance to cevahir shopping mall , this hotel offers modern accommodation in a convenient location only 8 minutes ’ drive from trabzon ' s city centre .
free private parking is possible on site .
paid private parking is available on - site .
located within a 15 - minute drive from vgp golden beach and the dakshinachitra heritage centre , ripes residency operates a 24 - hour front desk to welcome and assist guests . free wifi access is available throughout the property .
located 150 metres from praia da rocha , apartamento turistico praia da rocha portimao offers access to an outdoor pool .
hotel mar do farol is 10 km from aracajú city centre and 7 km from santa maria international airport .
free wifi access is available .
other facilities at apartamento costa marina iii maria include a spa centre , hot spring bath and outdoor pool .
friendly and helpful staff are at hand to help you with your sightseeing arrangements . tours of cappadocia , turkish hammams , hiking , horse - riding and hot air ballooning can all be arranged through the hotel .
a sweet breakfast is served daily in your room .
the beaches of aegean coast are 5 km from the property . dalaman airport is 28 km away .
offering an outdoor swimmming pool , apartamentos residencial doña carmen is 2 minutes ’ walk from morro de gos beach , in oropesa del mar .
mikołajki ’ s town centre and the mikołajskie and tałty lakes are just a 5 - minute walk away from pokoje u grażyny .
guests will enjoy close proximity to the sights and attractions in washington , d . c . as well as to ronald reagan national airport .
it offers an outdoor swimming pool with children ’ s pool , free wi - fi and a 24 - hour reception .
all the rooms here will provide you with a flat - screen tv , a seating area and air conditioning .
wifi and satellite channels are provided for free .
the luxurious phoenix city hotel is located in guangzhou , a 20 - minute drive from pazhou exhibition center .
free wifi is available throughout the property .
all rooms are spacious and enchant with their traditional charm .
the apartment includes 4 flat - screen tvs .
featuring free wifi and air conditioning , pure hotel & restaurant is located in torremolinos . set in la carihuela beach , the beachfront apartments offer a private balcony sea views and outdoor furniture .
the private bathroom comes with free toiletries and a hairdryer .
beverages and refreshments are available at the bar .
each accommodation features a flat - screen tv , air conditioning and a seating area .
the second b & b is located in kenting .
de palma hotel ampang is 6 km from ampang recreational forest and 7 km from the shopping and entertainment district of bukit bintang and kuala lumpur convention centre ( klcc ).
holiday home tranebærvej i e is located in høje sande and can accommodate up to six persons . this accommodation is located nearby the beach .
just a 2 - minute walk from the sandy baltic sea coast , villa seebach offers accommodation within a historic , listed building .
free private parking is available on site .
toulouse - blagnac airport is 89 km away .
alexandros maisonette is a self - catering , split - level property located in zóla .
guests can enjoy a free breakfast and stunning ocean views from their private patio .
for recreation , there is an outdoor swimming pool surrounded by a lush garden with palm trees .
located in mallorca ’ s tramuntana mountains , can marquesi features a spacious terrace with great valley views .
the euphrasian basilica is 700 metres from apartman esteral , while porec old town is 700 metres away .
located on the waterfront of the zezere river , this modern hotel offers lake and mountain views .
all units have parquet flooring , a flat - screen tv with satellite channels and a comfortable sofa , which can be transformed to a bed .
complete with a refrigerator , the dining area also has kitchenware and an electric kettle .
just 50 metres from the ski lift into the hochzillertal ski area and 200 metres from the centre of kaltenbach , hotel garni klocker offers a sauna and a garden with a terrace .
located in xiaoshan district , hangzhou dejia jingzhi hotel offers stylish accommodation with free wi - fi throughout the property .
taghazoute beach is over 25 km away .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out ski lift links - kalbermatten i ( 800 metres ) and ski lift stafelwald - teller ( 800 metres ).
shah faisal mosque is 11 km from cool sun fully furnished home , while pakistan monument is 11 km from the property .
scheffer ' s hotel offers up - to - date wellness facilities , including an indoor pool , a sauna , and a steam bath .
they include a seating area and a kitchen with fridge and a nespresso coffee maker .
free toiletries are also provided .
a high - definition cable tv , a work desk , a hairdryer and ironing facilities are provided in each guest room at clarion hotel concord .
complimentary wi - fi access is provided throughout the property .
on site guests can enjoy bbq facilities and a children ’ s play area , and bird watching is popular in the area .
some units have a dining area and / or terrace .
cooked english and continental breakfasts are served in the quaint dining room .
they are tastefully decorated and contain an apple tv , a minibar and a private bathroom .
offering a spa and wellness centre and sun terrace , taleju boutique hotel is situated in the thamel district in kathmandu , 900 metres from hanuman dhoka .
it features free wi - fi and a 24 - hour front desk .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling and hiking .
located in cernoy - en - berry , gite le moulin de la barre offers self - catering accommodation with a private terrace and garden .
it provides a 24 - hour front desk for the convenience of the guests .
the apartment comes with a flat - screen tv , a separate bedroom , a terrace and a fully equipped kitchen .
free wifi is available throughout the property .
the swahili spa & fitness centre has an indoor pool , jacuzzi ® and a range of treatments .
breakfast is daily served at the dining area of royal marmin bay boutique & art hotel .
guney konak is less than 2 km away from the historic clock tower .
centrally located , salernoprestige is just a 5 - minute walk from salerno train station , bus station and ferry harbour .
they are equipped with air conditioning , a minibar , and a private bathroom .
staff at the front desk can assist with luggage storage .
meridian khao tam is a 5 - minute walk from baan tai beach .
after their meal , guests can relax with a drink in the pub , which has a dart board and a pool table .
each modern room has a light décor with exposed wooden beams .
rooms are modernly furnished and air - conditioned . they offer a flat - screen tv , a minibar and a wardrobe .
cycling is an option for your outdoor activities in the quiet area and bikes can be rented at the property .
set in the city centre of celaya and featuring a restaurant on site , hotel gomez de celaya also offers its guests 24 - hour front desk service and free wifi access throughout .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with free toiletries .
breakfast is provided every morning .
it offers well - equipped rooms and a daily breakfast buffet .
blue mosque is 500 metres from apartment on mesrop mashtots ave . 15 , while history museum of armenia is 600 metres from the property .
at blier herne you will find a garden and a lounge .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including golfing , cycling and horse riding .
it offers en suite rooms with balcony , a generous buffet breakfast , and free parking .
located in pattaya south in the chon buri province region , 1 . 9 km from walking street pattaya , vip villas pattaya paradise pool villa phratamnak boasts an outdoor pool and year - round outdoor pool . pattaya - hua hin ferry is 1 . 9 km away .
it also includes a hall with a stage .
the spacious restaurant has polished wooden floors and exposed brick walls . it serves fine british cuisine and includes herefordshire beef , fresh fish and locally sourced venison on the menu .
all rooms include a private bathroom with a shower .
the veletržní palác tram stop is located 130 metres away and the nádraží holešovice metro station is 1 . 2 km off .
the kitchen has a dishwasher , an oven and a microwave , as well as a coffee machine .
guests can benefit from a 24 - hour front desk and express check - in service .
this apartment comprises a kitchen with dining area and a living room with flat - screen cable tv .
the sun terrace overlooks the gulf of naples .
the walled medieval city of lucca is 13 km away .
all rooms come with a refrigerator .
the holiday home is spread over 3 levels , and comes equipped with modern facilities , 4 bedrooms and 4 bathrooms . these include a large lcd tv with satellite and cable channels and a dvd player , as well as with a dishwasher , a microwave and a washing machine .
all rooms feature air conditioning .
the private bathroom comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
free private parking is possible on site .
just a 5 - minute drive from the a14 motorway , locanda rosy is in cattolica centre , 800 metres from the beach .
just metres from the beach , naxos holiday offers pet - friendly accommodation in giardini naxos .
located in the heart of historic savannah city centre , this all - suite georgia hotel features an outdoor pool and complimentary hot breakfast .
the hosts can also prepare homemade regional - style cuisine , if you reserve in advance .
each room comes with with a balcony , air conditioning tv and private bathroom .
the rooms are traditionally decorated , modern and very comfortable .
the villas come with a kitchen and an open - plan living area with satellite tv , entertainment system and ipod docking station .
decorated with original mexican artwork , hotel santiago has high ceilings and tiled floors .
elvetia is centrally located in panagia , just a 5 - minute drive from the golden beach .
bars and restaurant are scattered around the property .
the kitchen is equipped with 4 hotplates , dishwasher and oven .
a continental breakfast is served every morning in the dining room .
offering a retreat from the busy streets of siem reap , the family - owned la maison borann boutique hotel features a cooling outdoor saltwater pool .
at penzion dubina , a garden with barbecue facilities , a bar and a shared kitchen are at the guests ’ disposal .
the nearest airport is vnukovo international airport , 26 km from the property .
all accommodation at stf asa hostel have wooden floors , as well as shared bathroom and kitchen facilities .
the bathroom includes a shower .
lisbon destination ’ s accommodations are bright and have free wifi access .
featuring 2 swimming pools , abigail apartment in peyia viilage offers self - catering accommodation with pool and garden views .
guests at the welcominns ottawa can begin their morning with a complimentary continental breakfast , or in the on - site fitness area before going out for the day .
located just 10 minutes ́ drive from santa pola beach , bungalow mediterraneo offers a furnished terrace providing sea views .
six golf courses are within a 20 minutes ’ drive of the courtyard phoenix .
free wi - fi is available throughout .
featuring free wifi , a barbecue and a children ' s playground , parasol offers accommodation in nieporęt , 23 km from warsaw .
air conditioned rooms are provided with a flat - screen tv , seating area and minibar .
enjoy la palapa beachfront restaurant , the italian trattoria and sports bar , pool bars , express take - out food counter pizza delivery and room service .
parking is free next to ærenpris 71 .
offering complimentary internet access , kimchee sinchon guesthouse is situated within 500 metres of hongik university subway station ( line 2 , airport railroad and gyeongui - jungang line ) and hongdae ’ s indie music , street arts and entertainment scene .
pula airport is located 67 km from the property .
the apartment will provide you with cable tv and a fully equipped kitchenette with a refrigerator and a dining area . featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a bathtub or shower .
the unspoiled beaches of caños de meca and playa de los ingleses can both be reached in 35 minutes ́ drive .
edinburgh military tattoo is 3 . 3 km from capital apartments 49 elbe street , while royal mile is 3 . 4 km from the property .
parking is available free of charge ( reservation recommended ) at the penzion avionika .
situated in the heart of manama ’ s al seef district , 1 km from the city centre , this 5 - star design hotel offers luxurious rooms with a flat - screen tv .
a breakfast buffet is available in the stylish dining room with a fireplace .
the hotel rooms are located in the grand guestroom pavilion and feature a private balcony .
thomas a jaggar museum is 8 km from ainani jade ohana , while volcano art center gallery is 14 km from the property .
the resort is 4 . 4 km from chiang mai gate and 4 . 9 km from chiang mai night bazaar . the chiang mai airport is 5 km away .
the unit is 4 km from paseo maritimo .
free private parking is available on site .
each holiday home includes a seating area with a tv and a patio .
in addition to standard amenities , all guest rooms come equipped with cable tv , microwave and refrigerator .
this hilton hotel in columbus , ohio is 11 minutes ’ drive to the port columbus international airport and ohio state university is 2 miles away from the property .
the apartment features a tv and a kitchenette with an oven and a refrigerator .
bali village hotel resort & spa offers comfortable accommodation set within tranquil greenery .
there is a shared kitchen at the property .
private parking is complimentary and can be found on site .
angling , sailing and swimming can be enjoyed on the nearby rivers and lakes , with many walking and cycling trails also on offer .
breckenridge ski resort is less than 10 minutes ’ drive away . denver is 1 hour and 40 minutes ’ drive from the property .
you can also enjoy drinks in hotel europa ’ s elegant american bar .
all rooms and suites feature a satellite flat - screen tv and a minibar , some have a sofa .
staff are available 24 hours a day and free parking is available on site .
each morning , guests can enjoy a traditional turkish breakfast under the vines on the pensions terrace .
situated in the picturesque naoussa , arkoulis hotel offers free wi - fi and a daily continental breakfast . it also has a swimming pool with poolside bar .
free wifi access is available .
some rooms are complete with a spa bath .
at howard johnson bengaluru hebbal , guests can arrange for a soothing massage , unwind with a drink from the bar or get their clothes dry cleaned .
the property boasts views of the sea and is 600 metres from agia napa monastery .
every weekend the restaurant serves an extensive spanish buffet .
a rich buffet is served for breakfast and is available until 11 : 00 .
at chalet tm3 , langkawi , the staff is fluently - conversed in malay , indonesian and english .
the mosque of sultan al - muayyad is 1 . 5 km from the grand hotel .
start the day with a delicious breakfast , served buffet - style in the restaurant .
some come with a balcony and a mountain view .
there is a full a kitchenette with a refrigerator and kitchenware .
a range of business services are offered at the mail , including fax and photocopying .
the property is 1 . 3 km from the church of the savior on spilled blood and 1 . 5 km from the kazan cathedral .
free wifi is available in common areas .
the private bathroom comes with a bath or shower .
discounted parking passes for a nearby car park can be purchased at the reception .
a restaurant is 50 metres away , while a grocery shop and a cafe bar can be found 250 metres from the property .
gunsan fox tourist hotel is a 4 - minute drive from gunsan express bus terminal and a 13 - minute drive from gunsan railway station .
lisbon humberto delgado airport is 66 km away .
the property offers free parking .
shared bathrooms can be found in the hallway , and bed sheets and towels are provided free of charge .
a buffet breakfast is served each morning at this timhotel .
it features an outdoor swimming pool and free wi - fi .
each apartment features a flat - screen tv , air conditioning and a seating area .
the air - conditioned studios at the ocean view are spacious , fitted with tiled floors and charming iron beds .
others offered include ticketing services and car rentals .
a flat - screen tv with satellite channels and dvd player is featured .
the property is by the azzurra number 2 ski slope .
the air - conditioned units include a seating area , desk and a flat - screen tv . a tour map of hengchun peninsula for free use is provided in each guestroom .
the rooms have a private bathroom equipped with a bath and free toiletries .
there is a full a kitchenette with a microwave and an oven .
apartamentos plaza mayor are situated 400 metres from llanes beach and the town ’ s train station .
the kitchen has a dishwasher and an oven , as well as a coffee machine .
each apartment includes the free use of a parasol , sun loungers and deckchairs .
activities in the surrounding area include skiing , fishing and hiking .
free public parking can be found on site .
there is a seating area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher , an oven and a microwave .
old town scottsdale is 12 . 6 km away .
the arrábida national park is 2 km from the town .
some of the activities that you can do in the surroundings are golfing , hiking , horse riding and biking .
this charming , 2 - storey house is located 1 km from the centre of historic begur .
hotel saharin serves japanese cuisine for breakfast and dinner made from local produce and seafood in the dining area .
located in jazan , al borg al watheer is within little walking distance from the sea , and less than 5 minutes by car from the downtown .
laundry facilities are on site .
the distance to banja luka international airport is 15 km .
the property is surrounded by apple trees and offers free wi - fi throughout .
there is a shared garden patio with barbecue facilities , as well as a shared tv lounge with a dvd player . the shared kitchen is well equipped and includes an oven and washing machine , and also a fridge , microwave and coffee maker .
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge .
thverholt guesthouse also has a small outdoor seating area , as well as a washing machine , dryer and iron .
guest rooms of the residencial melba have a private bathroom and satellite tv .
haus lederstube offers rustic apartment with cable tv , just a 3 - minute walk from the aberg cable car and 2 km from maria alm .
a 10 - minute drive will take you to bansko and razlog .
the rooms feature tatami ( woven - straw ) floors and japanese futon bedding .
it offers air - conditioned rooms with a fridge .
the accommodation comes with a kitchenette that offers a microwave , an electric kettle and a refrigerator .
the property is ideally situated just 19 km from cassis ’ s ‘ calanques ’ – dramatic stone inlets along the coast .
guests will enjoy a typical italian breakfast every morning . it includes hot drinks , croissants and pastries .
you can also enjoy your breakfast in the privacy of your room .
barlborough town centre is just 1km away .
each room at the hansestern has a private bathroom and a tv with satellite channels .
located 350 metres from the blue - flagged beach , tatil apart hotel is centrally located in akyaka , right next to azmak creek .
the private bathroom is equipped with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
in the morning you can enjoy a varied breakfast .
the comfortable and luxurious rooms at atrium hotel are soundproofed and come with bathrobes , slippers and bathroom cosmetics . they are decorated in shades of beige and dark greys and all rooms are equipped with free wi - fi and flat - screen tv .
ambergris caye is just a 5 - minute boat ride from the mesoamerican barrier reef , one of the world ’ s top diving and snorkelling spots .
the ferienwohnung reis ’ s riverside setting makes it an ideal setting for walks and bike rides along the moselle .
offering an outdoor swimming pool and a spa and wellness centre , hotel nautilos capurgana is located in capurganá .
a shuttle to faro airport , just 30 minutes ’ drive , is available on request .
apartamentos rurales casa de los escudos is set in a restored 19th - century building in valverde de la vera , at the foot of the gredos mountains .
the area is popular for water sports .
the nearest railway station is gdańsk lipce , 1 . 7 km away .
each room includes cable tv and a bathroom with a shower .
each soundproofed guest room at the inter - hotel bagatelle has a private bathroom .
tayny okeana aquarium is 1 . 2 km from apartment larisa .
amenities include a private balcony , a minibar and a sofa seating area .
füred erdei vendégház is located in balatonfüred , right next to the fenyves park and 300 metres from balaton lake .
bluesky hotel & resort is situated in yangshuo in the guangxi region , 2 . 5 km from yangshuo west street .
offering tastefully furnished apartments with over - sized windows , the stylish youtei tracks is conveniently situated a 10 - minute drive from jr kutchan station .
the nearest airport is pulkovo airport , 22 km from apartment na lanskom .
the property is 7 . 2 km from arena das dunas and 13 . 9 km from forte dos reis magos .
guests can check out old phuket town located 14 . 1 km from the property .
hamburg airport is just a 15 - minute drive away .
other options can be reached within 1 km .
a shared lounge with a bar , a fireplace and a tv is available to guests and so is a sauna and a terrace .
the heidelberg main train station is just 13 km away .
each room at this former priory has a private bathroom with a shower and some also have a bath .
every morning , a continental breakfast is available at an extra charge .
a footpath leads from the house to jimena ’ s moorish and roman castle and ruins .
the bright rooms of hamarat include a minibar and free wi - fi .
on - site parking is free of charge for guests .
hotel el marqués offers modern accommodations with free w - fi on the atacames beachfront , 45 minutes drive from general rivadenerira airport .
onjala is located 40 minutes ' drive from windhoek hosea kutako airport .
a free internet point is available at the 24 - hour reception .
the hotel is a 15 - minute walk from lin department store .
located a 5 - minute walk from the beach in omiš , apartments beautiful view features self - catering accommodation with views of the sea .
rest and relaxation can be enjoyed in tropenhaus bansin ' s sauna .
a well - equipped kitchen , dining area and a living room with a sofa set are among the in - villa comforts .
restaurants , shops and bars can be found in the property ' s immediate surroundings . zadar ’ s historic centre is rich with sights such as the roman forum and the pre - romanesque st . donatus church and the kalelarga promenade . all of them are located within a 50 - metre radius .
it ' s only a walking distance away from the property to the nearest beach and getting to lombok international airport will take about a 30 - minute boat ride from gili air harbour to bangsal harbour , and another 1 . 5 - hour drive to the airport .
urbino is 40 - minute drive from the property .
the hotel also provides car rentals , laundry and dry cleaning services .
it offers free parking and is a 20 - mintue drive from pratunam shopping centre .
located in split , this air - conditioned apartment is 300 metres from diocletian ' s palace .
a free internet terminal is provided in the azov ’ s lobby .
located along cihampelas street in central bandung , aston tropicana hotel enjoys easy access to shopping areas .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including diving .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out copacabana beach ( 1 km ) and post 7 - arpoador ( 1 . 1 km ).
the 15th - century cathedral of funchal is 650 metres away , while 1 . 2 km away is funchal marina , offering boat trips along the coast .
the hotel has a free wifi throughout the property and guests can make use of the onsite private parking upon availability .
the property provides a tv , and air conditioning .
rimini miramare airport is less than a 10 - minute drive away .
you can park your car in the private parking area .
further facilities include baggabe storage and laundry service .
the in - house restaurant , coffee carafe functions all day while the in - house bar , beetle juice offers refreshing beverages .
it has free parking and retains many original features , such as open fireplaces and wooden sash windows .
the nearest sauna is a 4 - minute drive away .
summer house mirissa is set in mirissa , 600 metres from whale watching mirissa .
the seating area is fitted with a flat - screen tv .
the tour desk provides information about bogota ́ s culture agenda , including theatre and art shows .
the apartment will provide you with a cable tv and a terrace .
there is a full a kitchenette with a microwave and a refrigerator .
offering views of the surrounding countryside , it features a garden , roof terrace and barbecue facilities .
situated in the tokyo bay area in odaiba , this property is the closest city resort hotel to central tokyo .
it also provides local information .
its facilities include swimming pools , tennis courts and a spa .
free parking is available .
the renowned port wine cellars are a 20 - minute walk away , as is the douro riverside area and its various restaurants and bars .
complete with an oven , the kitchen also has a dining table and fridge .
free wi - fi is available throughout .
wellness facilities , including a sauna and an outdoor swimming pool are available on request .
guests can explore the nearby ionian coastline on the masseria ' s free bikes .
treatments can be arranged at nearby fridens källare , on advanced request .
some also have a living area with a well - equipped kitchenette .
out in the green gardens the children can have fun in their playground while you sunbathe on the quiet terrace , enjoying a drink from the bar .
villa bel passo apartments is located in kefalos centre , within 100 metres of the beach , as well as the local restaurants and cafes .
the charming landhaus hotel right in the heart of saanen , which is only 2 km away from gstaad , offers you beautiful country - style guest rooms and tasty swiss specialities .
located in tartu , 350 metres from town hall square and university of tartu , apartment vallikraavi offers self - catering accommodation with free wifi .
bibione is a 20 - minute drive away from la zattera .
a pebbly beach is 250 metres away , while the villa also features an outdoor swimming pool with sun loungers .
the main street of atamu tekena is just 100 metres away .
it features free wi - fi and tea / coffee facilities .
the studios offer free wifi .
istria montparnasse is a colonial - style hotel located in the centre of paris , 1 km from montparnasse tower and jardin de luxembourg , and near the latin quarter . istria montparnasse is just 100 metres from raspail metro station , making it easy to discover all of paris ’ s attractions .
there is a dining area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher and an oven . a flat - screen tv with satellite channels is offered .
with an onsite restaurant , guests can enjoy irish specialities made of locally sourced ingredients .
each room here will provide you with a flat - screen tv , air conditioning and a safety deposit box .
extras include a desk and bed linen .
hot shower facilities are provided in the en suite bathroom .
the ernakulam south railway station is 14 km while the cochin international airport is 45 km .
the apartments also have large balconies with great views of the surrounding areas .
free wi - fi is included .
enjoy jet - skiing , sailing , scuba - diving , and windsurfing , swim with dolphins , or take a glass - bottom boat trip to observe the sea life .
the property offers free parking .
on - site private parking is available for guests arriving by car .
chole foxes lodge also includes a sun terrace .
free wi - fi is available in all areas
the guest house is located 4 km from ao nang krabi boxing statidum and nopparat thara beach .
free wi - fi is also available .
the unit is 900 metres from jet d ' eau .
free wifi is offered throughout the property .
local tourist agencies organise excursions to skadarsko lake and the unesco - protected dubrovnik old city .
the tacoma dome is 15 minutes ‘ drive from the hotel .
in addition to standard amenities , some rooms feature microwaves and refrigerators .
the bar features a large - screen tv , karaoke and a cocktail menu .
a full english breakfast is served each morning .
free parking is provided at posada amor .
a range of local dining outlets can be reached within walking distance .
every room comes with a tv with satellite channels .
guest rooms offer free wi - fi .
some have a sea - view terrace .
you can engage in various activities , such as skiing and hiking .
every unit comes with a private bathroom with a bidet .
you can engage in various activities , such as cycling and hiking .
it is in the peaceful countryside of massa lubrense .
it features free parking .
the town centre is just 100 metres away and the bus station is 500 metres from apartment pusynas .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out flamengo beach ( 6 . 7 km ). galeão airport is located 19 km from the property .
the property has free parking and good access to the a1 .
it offers air - conditioned apartment with a furnished balcony and free wifi access .
it offers self - catering accommodation with views of the ionian sea .
located in brielle , zuidspuis apartment a self - catering accommodation with free wifi access . the property is 32 km from rotterdam .
punta cana international airport is 23 km away .
modern - style villas offer a taste of luxury with its marbled floors and minimalist designs . bedrooms feature direct pool access , while living rooms come with a bar counter and home theatre system .
the hotel ’ s à la carte restaurant serves a mixture of modern english and international cuisine , and is open every day apart from sunday evening .
the spacious rooms at the hilton frankfurt city overlook the city centre or bockenheimer anlage park .
the lucky also offers other services , including organising parties , weddings and baptisms .
each has a comfortable working space .
melville hall airport is 1 hours ’ drive away .
the modern accommodation includes a bedroom and a living room . it will provide you with an lcd tv offering pay - per - view channels and cable channels . there is an equipped kitchenette with an oven and a refrigerator , as well as a bathroom featuring a shower cabin and a washing machine .
just a 5 - minute walk from dinner plain ski run , 360 degrees offers self - contained accommodation with 2 balconies .
bike hire and car hire are available at the property and the area is popular for windsurfing and diving .
paje beach is 800 metres from surf house paje , while airborne kite & surf village is 900 metres away .
it features a bathroom with a bathtub and an washing machine .
split airport is located 7 km from the property .
at de lakei you will find a terrace and a bar . other facilities offered include meeting facilities , a ticket service and luggage storage .
le santeuil apartment is located in nantes city centre , close to the graslin theatre and the pommeraye passage .
the family - run hotel croux is near courmayeur ' s pedestrian area , and 800 metres from the ski lifts .
each room has a modern , shared bathroom that is situated in the hallway .
the closest grocery store is 300 metres away .
a continental breakfast with sweet and savoury options is provided daily as a buffet .
extra amenities are a free laundry and ironing service , a cd / dvd library and daily newspapers .
a 15 - minute drive from portopetro and its beach , cas teuler petit boasts a vast garden , outdoor pool with sun loungers , and a furnished terrace .
a washing machine and tumble dryer are included for guest convenience in the captain ’ s house greenport .
picnic lunches and barbecue facilities are also available .
every room includes a flat - screen tv and a private bathroom .
gimpo international airport is 15 km away .
the area is popular for cycling and hiking .
situated in saint petersburg , studio on vadima shefnera offers self - catering accommodation with free wifi . the property boasts views of the sea and is 1 . 8 km from lenexpo exhibition complex .
fitted with wooden flooring , rooms all come with a tv , minibar and fridge .
the units come with a tv , a dining area and a kitchenette equipped with oven and refrigerator .
featuring iron beds , all roza canina rooms offer views of the imposing mount astrakas .
a supermarket can be found just 10 metres away , and restaurants 50 metres away .
rynok square is 100 metres from dream hostel lviv , while the armenian cathedral is 100 metres away .
apartments at kadıkoy apartments feature satellite tv , air conditioning and a seating area . complete with a refrigerator , the dining area also has an electric kettle and a dining table .
the bathrooms have a walk - in shower , washbasin and toilet .
traditional guest rooms offer free wi - fi and a cable tv .
georgia studios is situated 30 metres from the central square of fira in santorini and just 150 metres from the restaurants and bars of caldera .
lakeside retreat gwelup is a 1 - minute walk from a local shopping centre and a 2 - minute walk from lake gwelup .
the surrounding area is ideal for hiking , fishing , cycling and water sports .
dallas aquarium is 12 miles from the motel . texas a & m university research center is within 10 minutes ’ drive .
you can play tennis and table tennis at the property , and the area is popular for golfing .
private bathrooms also come with a shower and a bath .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
the tranquil location of almograve village allows a restful stay by the sea .
bethsaida hermitage is 400 metres from prakriti ayurvedic home stay , while padmanabhapuram palace , kovalam is 400 metres from the property .
there is a seating area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher , an oven and a microwave . a flat - screen tv , blu - ray player and dvd player , as well as a cd player are offered .
paradisul acvatic is 3 . 2 km from eden in centrul brașovului , while casino vesuvius is 4 . 1 km from the property .
vilafranca del penedès is 15 minutes ’ drive from hostal cal manescal .
massages can be arranged on request .
the on - site great room restaurant serves packed breakfast meals and international dishes .
several restaurants and bars are located along the warmoesstraat .
in - room dining is possible with room service .
guatapé dam is 4 . 3 km away , while olaya herrera airport is within 3 hours ' drive .
all accommodation units will provide you with satellite tv and a kitchenette or a kitchen .
the accommodation features a flat - screen tv . some units feature a seating area and / or balcony .
located in kos town , to spiti tis irinis offers self - catered accommodation with a kitchenette .
set 3 km from örebro city centre , these cottages include a fully - equipped kitchen , free parking and free wifi .
guests can enjoy hiking in the surrounding harz countryside , or visit quedlinburg castle ( 1 km ).
bett - point am rathaus is located in potsdam , a 25 - minute walk from sanssouci palace .
towels and bed linen are featured in this self - catering accommodation .
kitchen facilities include a fridge , an electric kettle and a stove .
the air - conditioned apartment features cable tv and a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven . featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer .
located in the artist quarter of safed , this holiday home features free wifi and a private garden .
the gardens of trauttmansdorff castle are 9 km away .
guests can enjoy activities like volleyball and croquet on - site .
some rooms have views of the mountain or garden .
buses stopping in front of the hotel link to jesolo lido , 10 km away , and punta sabbioni , 7 km away .
a buffet style breakfast is available daily .
tamna stay hotel jeju ’ s 24 - hour front desk provides concierge , currency exchange and luggage storage services .
mariinsky theatre is 11 km from the property .
the property offers free parking .
featuring a private garden and a terrace , villa celeste is a modern 3 - bedroom house set 2 km from palidoro train station .
the accommodation will provide you with a tv , dvd , sauna and a hot tub .
other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities , a shared lounge and a tour desk .
comodoro arturo merino benítez international airport is 30 km away .
each room here is equipped with air conditioning and city views .
they include a tv and a private bathroom with a shower .
the hotel also has its own barbecue hut .
guests enjoy a buffet breakfast daily . it is served either on the terrace or in the breakfast room .
each room at ostello agribel comes with a desk .
free wifi access is available .
located on the border of wilpattu national park , big game camp wilpattu offers spacious tents with an attached partitioned bathroom .
various restaurants can be found in the vicinity .
one of the apartments comes with a full kitchenette , equipped with a refrigerator and kitchenware .
situated just 6 minutes ’ drive from fremantle city centre , santa maria executive b & b fremantle offers luxury adults - only accommodation with free wi - fi .
spinola bay , in san julian ’ s is a10 - minute walk away .
the property is 300 metres from lord ' s cricket ground and 800 metres from maida vale underground station .
the property is 6 km from grand stage at mezaparks and 9 . 5 km from the old town .
a flat - screen tv is featured .
peterborough city centre is less than 5 minutes ’ drive away .
a selection of activities are offered in the area , such as skiing and cycling .
rooms here feature stylized , classic furniture will provide you with a tv and satellite channels .
at villa mihkel you will find a sauna and barbecue facilities .
room service is available .
it operates a 24 - hour front desk and provides complimentary wi - fi access .
a bus stop is in front of the property .
the ancient theatre of ohrid is set 200 metres away and samoil ' s fortress can be reached in 400 metres .
the meister bär hotel ’ s highlight is the beer garden with adventure playground and farmyard animals .
hotel hot features free wifi throughout the property .
this 2 - bedroom suite has a private entrance via the garden , which includes garden furniture .
free wifi access is available .
each room has a basin and there are 2 shared bathrooms with a shower for communal use .
offering a terrace and garden , bed & breakfast spalatum is a b & b located in split , just a 5 - minute walk from the beach . free wifi access is available throughout .
cádiz is a 30 - minute drive away , while jerez airport can be reached in 45 minutes ’ drive .
drinks , as well as greek and mediterranean dishes can also be enjoyed at the relaxing interior of the bar - restaurant or at the sun terrace .
there is a segway and canoe rental and a sauna available at extra charge .
there are comfortable rooms with cable tv and apartments with kitchen facilities .
the 2 children also get a free full breakfast when accompanied by an adult eating a full breakfast .
some rooms also have an air conditioning .
the centre of hannover can be reached in 35 minutes by train and boasts a zoo , the impressive schloss herrenhausen castle and the state opera .
the modern and elegant rooms come with a balcony and a private bathroom with a shower .
guests can also enjoy the gardens on the property and a gift shop .
located 4 miles from boca ciega millennium park , this florida beachfront property offers fully - furnished apartments with access to a heated pool , hot tub , and free wi - fi .
operating a 24 - hour front desk , city hotel is located conveniently within a 6 - minute walk from nanjing east road mrt station .
large and quiet guestrooms include a balcony or terrace , flat - screen tv , and kitchenette .
the property offers free parking .
sheremetyevo international airport is 22 km from the property .
the restaurant serves traditional albanian food .
just 650 metres from viaduct harbour , rydges auckland offers rooms with stunning city or harbour views .
some rooms have a private bathroom .
the molo immacolata vecchia harbour , with ferries to panarea and stromboli , is a 20 - minute walk away .
expo 2017 astana is 12 km from гостиный дом , while kazhimukan munaitpasov stadium is 3 . 2 km away .
the lingering garden is 6 km away and tiger hill is 7 . 7 km away .
hotel monte alban is located right in the historic centre of oaxaca , 100 metres away from the cathedral .
the 2 apartments at aan de kwakel feature a living area with a flat - screen tv .
the hotel has a bar and a restaurant with an outdoor seating area that serves international cuisine and regional turkish dishes .
gues can enjoy the hostal rte . elena ’ s bar and restaurant .
you will find valet parking at the property .
a well - equipped gym is offered by courtyard richmond west for guests that like to keep fit .
located in a natural reservation , pousada jataí features air - conditioned rooms with sea view on cabo frio ́ s beautiful foguete beach .
laundry facilities are available and all apartments are fitted with safety boxes .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
the kitchen includes a hob , dishwasher and washing machine .
an airport shuttle is available .
other facilities offered include a massage .
there is a private bathroom with free toiletries in each unit .
a flat - screen tv is available .
comfort inn & suites augusta westside is a 4 - minute drive from port augusta golf course and a 10 - minute drive from australian arid lands botanic gardens .
the property is 8 . 1 km from tijuca forest national park and 9 . 8 km from vidigal beach .
a living room with a flat - screen tv and dvd player are included .
they are all serviced by a panoramic lift .
each air - conditioned room here will provide you with a seating area with sofa and dining area .
it offers mountain views from the 2 balconies , a furnished terrace and a garden with barbecue facilities .
art , bed & breakfast is located in a farmhouse on the countryside of velden , only a 5 - minute drive from motorway a67 .
the guests can enjoy a view of the dunes from the rooms .
the classically decorated rooms feature wooden furniture and a soft tone décor . they are equipped with a small desk or seating area , a chair and a tv . the simple bathrooms are fitted with a shower and toilet .
set on the eastern coast of ischia , hotel terme president is a 10 - minute walk from the private beach .
the marble bathroom has a hairdryer and shower facilities .
room service is available .
granvara relais & spa is set in its own spacious garden , just 50 metres from the ski slopes offering ski - to - door access .
a small garden is equipped with sun loungers , chairs and parasols .
breakfast is provided upon request .
recreational facilities at the hotel include a wide range of water sports , tennis , squash , horse riding , table tennis and mini - golf .
this air - conditioned property is just 500 metres from the beach .
piazza duomo is 100 metres from duomo suites & spa , while catania cathedral is 100 metres away .
some units also offer a balcony .
extras include a desk , bed linen and a fan .
guests will find restaurants , bars and shops within 200 metres from poppy , while the centre of protaras lies within 2 km away . paralimni town is 3 km away and larnaca international airport is at a distance of 56 km .
all rooms have a flat - screen tv , a minibar , and a work desk .
the town is home to many festivals and exhibitions which add more colour to this already appealing destination .
dream hostel bratislava offers accommodation in bratislava .
treat yourself to delicious german cuisine and game specialities in the hotel restaurant which is open from 06 : 30 to 23 : 00 .
warszawa powiśle railway station is within 4 km , and promenada shopping centre is within 2 . 5 km .
a private patio , free wifi , and a seating area with a sofa are provided . players club deallyon avenue apartment extras include a cable tv with a dvd player , towels , and an en suite .
a microwave and refrigerator are also provided and suites include a sofa bed .
the outdoor bathroom comes with double sinks and a rainshower .
private bathrooms also come with towels .
extras include free toiletries and a hairdryer .
the restaurant provides a terrace and serves a wide range of cold dishes and cooked meals .
located in split , apartman antonio features self - catering accommodation with a modern décor and free wifi access .
srh waldklinikum gera is 3 km from the property .
free wifi is available .
guests can enjoy a meal at the on - site restaurant , followed by a drink at the bar .
at holiday home månedalsvej you will find a sauna , a hot tub and a terrace . free parking is available on site .
all accommodation at hotel santa cruz has air conditioning and a private bathroom .
the private bathroom includes a hairdryer and the rooms also have an electric kettle .
a variety of local eateries can be reached nearby within walking distance .
guests can also visit barać caves , 20 km from the property .
certain units have a seating area for your convenience .
other facilities offered at the property include a tour desk .
guembé duplex will provide you with a tv , air conditioning and a balcony .
some rooms come with a patio .
each room comes with satellite tv , a minibar and a bathroom with a hairdryer and a shower or a tub .
guest house domashniy is a self - catering accommodation located in sevastopol , a 15 - minute walk from pivdenna bay .
the hotel ' s leisure centre includes a sauna , hot tub and solarium to help you relax .
doria bar offers a variety of drinks during the day .
casa vacanze marsala is a 20 - minute drive from petrosino , while trapani is 30 km away .
the on - site restaurant serves various georgian home - style dishes .
currency exchange and laundry services are available .
the cais do sodre metro station is a 13 - minute walk from feels like home - studio in santa catarina i .
towels and bed linen are available in this self - catering accommodation .
the property offers comfortable apartments with a fully - equipped kitchen .
further facilities include air - conditioning , a tv and a seating area .
at st . anthony holiday homes you will find a garden .
operating a 24 - hour front desk , chungju grand hotel is situated conveniently within 1 km from chungju train station .
the air - conditioned rooms at sala @ hua hin come with a fridge , coffee / tea making facilities , and a safety deposit box .
they come with a fridge , tea / coffee maker and a hairdryer .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
a souvenir shop is on site , and free wi - fi is available in public areas .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out ado international bus station just 5 . 6 km away and playa del carmen maritime terminal 6 . 9 km away .
a sweet continental breakfast is served daily in the breakfast room .
you will find a kettle in the room .
shops and restaurants can be found within 500 metres from the benevia ’ s apartments .
two parking places are available on the plot .
a buffet breakfast is served daily .
maastricht - aachen airport is 35 km away .
decorated in white and beige tones , this air - conditioned holiday home offers a seating area with a flat - screen tv with satellite channels . there is a bright dining area and the kitchen is equipped with an oven , microwave and dishwasher .
free wifi is available throughout .
apes hill club fairway villa # 1 offers an airport shuttle , a garden and a bar .
offering a free seasonal shuttle service within fraser and winter park ski areas , these apartments are 15 minutes ’ drive from winter park resort .
benicàssim is 13 km from l ' arc de pedra , while oropesa del mar is 17 km from the property .
the resort is equipped with a playground and bbq facilities for guests to enjoy .
it offers rooms with air conditioning and heating and free wifi .
the inn includes well - appointed rooms with free wifi .
it features a garden with a heated outdoor swimming pool and a furnished terrace .
offering a garden and a terrace , hotel maremonti is located in vico del gargano .
ganja international airport is 50 km from garabag resort & spa .
viviendas ferrer - es mal pas also offer car rental services .
certain units feature views of the garden or city .
located 700 metres from torre d ’ orso beach , the opa loka residence is a modern property set in a large garden .
the nearest airport is beziers cap d ' agde airport , 14 km from village naturiste - port ambonne .
each includes a private bathroom , safe and minibar .
private bathrooms also come with a shower .
guests of hostel gdańsk can use the in - room hairdryer and ironing facilities . they also have access to laundry facilities and a common tv room with a plasma tv .
kraavi guest accommodation is located in the green and quiet part of kuressaare on the saaremaa island , just 1 km from the beach .
the spacious garden is equipped with bbq facilities , and a business centre is available upon request .
bbq facilities are provided and carcassonne golf club is 10 km from the property .
fresh towels and linens are provided in each room .
after a day of sightseeing guests can relax in the hotel lounge with a fireplace and enjoy a game of billiards .
restaurants and local shops are within walking distance and ephesus is just 1km away .
set at the edge of scenic giswil , grand swiss hotel enjoys a location within the impressive obwald mountains .
the accommodation is equipped with a flat - screen tv .
free wifi access is available .
there also is a dark - wood dining area .
the hotel features a 24 - hour front desk and swimming pool .
university of trento is 6 km from b & b casa brunelli , while funivia trento sardagna is 5 km from the property .
appartement carlton is located in the centre of chamonix , just 500 metres from the nearest ski lifts .
jay villa also includes a sun terrace .
featuring a shower , the bathroom also comes with free toiletries .
sleeping up to 4 guests , lavender lodge is a 10 - minute drive from newquay and less than 10 miles from truro .
a children ’ s playground is also available .
bed linen is provided .
offering free bikes , dragonfly houses is located in baan tai .
the apartments include a kitchenette with a microwave and a refrigerator and the suite includes a spa bath .
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge and a vending machine . the property offers free parking .
centrally situated in the main business and shopping district of karol bagh , this budget hotel offers value accommodation and varied facilities , just a 10 - minute ride from new delhi railway station .
vodka brevery hotel dates back to 1909 and offers elegant rooms with free wi - fi , as well as a hot tub and a sauna to relax in .
overlooking the moray firth with its pod of dolphins , the 4 - star sunny brae hotel offers luxurious rooms and stunning views .
laleli tram stop is 150 metres from the hotel , and it is just 2 stops from sultanahmet tram stop .
the restaurant offers local and international dishes .
gite loiselle offers accommodation in the historical centre of trois - rivières , a few minutes ' s walk from the saint - lawrence river .
at the restaurant , guests can enjoy several seafood dishes and other mediterranean specialities .
a hot tub is available .
menara airport is a 15 - minute drive from riad light of life .
some rooms have a private bathroom , while other rooms have shared bathroom facilities .
the restaurant offers both regional and international dishes .
shopping , dining , and entertainment on the famous magnificent mile are 3 minutes ’ walk from this hotel .
the apartments have a 24 - hour front desk , and private parking is available on site at a charge .
the sicilian coast is a 10 - minute drive away .
the rooms come with a private bathroom .
porto selvaggio regional park is 2 km from the property .
the nearest airport is naples international airport , 62 km from the property .
there is a 24 - hour front desk , a shared kitchen , hairdresser ' s , and shops at the property .
luggage storage is offered , as well as a laundry and dry cleaning service .
located in moraira , just 600 metres form cala del portitxolet beach , villa oceano holiday home offers a beautiful garden , a covered terrace with barbecue facilities and an outdoor pool .
meals are served as an open buffet at the main restaurant .
puncak jimbaran hotel is a 10 - minute drive from balangan beach . ngurah rai international airport is 10 km away .
located 3 miles from ted stevens anchorage international airport , this alaska hotel offers an on - site launderette .
a continental breakfast is available for guests staying on a b & b package .
federico fellini airport is a 10 - minute drive away .
situated just a 3 - minute walk from the sandy beach , corallo rosso offers rooms with colourful decor .
less than a 30 - minute drive from bitlis city centre , grand yuksel has free wi - fi , spa facilities and air - conditioned accommodation with a satellite tv and a seating area .
aremogna is 20 km from the property .
guests can play table tennis and use a ski storage room .
the air - conditioned unit is 29 km from trapani .
the landscape invites guests to long walks .
it offers both an indoor and outdoor 34 ° c thermal pool with whirlpool . free bikes are available , and wi - fi is free in public areas .
the property is located 4 . 5 km from santa lucia train station , and just few minutes ’ walk from alilaguna transportation lines .
the beach is a 10 - minute drive away .
guests can access the roof terrace with panoramic views of the eastern suburbs and sydney harbour .
located in the countryside of the haute - marne region , this campsite offers wooden chalets with a private terrace .
guests of granada pensjonat & spa have free access to the spa & wellness area including the pool , a finnish sauna , a steam bath and a hot tub .
this four - bedroom house offers a living room , a dining area , a flagrant garden and barbecue facilities .
at la cattedrale you will find a shared lounge and luggage storage .
set in the central salerno and a 5 - minute walk from its cathedral , salerno borgo antico offers a rustic - style apartment with cotto floors .
alba is a 20 - minute drive away .
scopello and its beaches are a 10 - minute drive away .
the bed and breakfast is 700 metres from saadian tombs , 700 metres from moulay el yazid mosque and 900 metres from djemaa el fna .
towels and bed linen are provided in this self - catering accommodation .
an italian buffet - style breakfast is served daily in a dedicated area . it includes local products such as bread , sausages and cheeses , together with homemade jams and cakes .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including table tennis and darts .
there is a bowling alley on site and guests can enjoy the on - site bar .
for your comfort , you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer .
the nearest airport is zakynthos international " dionysios solomos " airport , 13 km from the property .
a bus stop is a 2 - minute walk away , and the männlichen cable car can be reached in a 10 - minute walk .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
french cuisine and 12th - floor views are paired at sky restaurant mount view , while aumi serves chinese food and ajidokoro ryoka offers japanese dishes . additional japanese delicacies can be sampled at shohakutei and dining room shiki , with an advance reservation .
regional and local cuisines are served at the villa ’ s restaurant .
the three bathrooms come with a toilet and shower .
the bright rooms at kolo 77 come with satellite tv and a refrigerator , as well as en suite bathroom facilities .
there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
you can play tennis at the property , and the area is popular for snorkeling . the area is popular for diving and cycling .
the hotel is 4 km from the village of baux de provence .
guests can relax in the shaded garden with a drink or coffee from the bar .
pulkovo airport is 26 km from the property .
the hotel le marais is easily accessible via the a43 motorway and the d90 .
free parking is provided .
select rooms boast views of the sea .
activities that can be enjoyed in the surroundings , include hiking .
logan airport is 62 km from the property .
you can order home cooked meals for breakfast , lunch and dinner .
you will find a shared kitchen at the property .
pranee bungalow ’ s beachfront restaurant serves fresh seafood , thai specialities and european cuisine .
riccione is a 15 - minute drive away .
offering a la carte restaurant and a massage parlour , khamsum inn is located in thimphu . free wi - fi access is available .
all travel related arrangements can be made at the tour desk .
each has a living area , 2 bathrooms , and a kitchen .
situated in the heart of fort myers beach and within walking distance of public beach access , this resort offers an outdoor pool and accommodations with a kitchen and a balcony .
there is also a summer terrace and a nightclub .
the building offers a swimming pool and a gym with the latest equipment . guests can enjoy the free wifi in the apartments and throughout the building .
the on - site restaurant serves a variety of cuisines including indian , italian , chinese and sri lankan .
it offers rooms with free internet and cable tv , a coffee shop , bar and free parking .
oceanografic is 3 . 4 km from apartamento tapineria , while puerto de valencia is 4 . 2 km from the property .
all rooms include a comfortable furnished living room and modern bathroom .
it offers smart rooms with free wi - fi and a free breakfast .
car hire is available at this residence and the area is popular for diving .
the masná bus stop is to be found 200 metres from the apartment , the dlouhá třída tram stop is 500 metres away and the náměstí republiky metro station is 700 metres off .
each one boasts a tv set , private bathroom and free wi - fi .
first president of kazakhstan park is 1 . 2 km from arenaa apartment kablukova 264 block 7 floor , while dolphin entertainment centre is 2 . 5 km from the property .
a 5 - minute walk takes guests to restaurants and the nightlife area in bailan village .
the shops , restaurants , bars and cafes in ambleside are just 200 metres away .
it has a seating area with flat - screen tv and a kitchen with dining area and oven with cooking hobs .
milton keynes train station and the midsummer place shopping centre are both a 10 - minute walk away from the hub - city stay apartments .
the house offers an open and a covered terrace with views over the landscaped garden .
there is a seating area and a kitchen complete with an oven , a microwave and a toaster .
loutro is located at a distance of about 70 km south of chania , at the end of cape mouri .
air - conditioned rooms here will provide you with a flat - screen cable tv .
breakfast is provided and common kitchen facilities are featured .
all rooms also have a private bathroom with a bath , a shower and a selection of toiletries .
the hotel has an outdoor pool , and a terrace with extensive sea views . all rooms have air conditioning and free wi - fi .
the modern apartment features a balcony with garden views , a fully equipped kitchenette with a dishwasher , and a washing machine .
each accommodation includes a fully equipped kitchen and a flat - screen tv .
a tea / coffee maker and slippers are provided .
the accommodation will provide you with a tv with cable channels , a dvd player and a cd player .
a flat - screen tv is featured .
hobart and william smith colleges are just 3 minutes ’ drive away .
a free ski bus stops 200 metres away .
sigiri lodge is located in sigiriya and provides 24 - hour front desk for the convenience of the guests . free wifi access is available in the public areas of this lodge .
pamukkale travetines and pamukkale lake are 750 metres from the property .
each comes with a seating area and a fully equipped kitchenette , a tv and a private patio .
some rooms have a panoramic view on the surrounding city scenery .
hotel oberschmied also offers a free fitness room , a sauna and a children ' s play room .
an extensive breakfast menu is served in the light and airy dining room each day .
this premier inn is on a bus route for christchurch town centre and bournemouth .
towels and bed linen are provided in this apartment .
every room is fitted with a private bathroom .
fitted with air conditioning and heating facilities , modern rooms at takatsuki feature a flat - screen tv , a fridge and green tea .
there is a shared kitchen at the property .
the property provides free private parking on site .
each of the guestrooms is decorated in a neutral style .
guests can relax and enjoy the sunshine on hostel annette ’ s large , furnished balcony .
discounts on some tours and restaurants are also available .
featuring free wifi , taoyuan business offers neatly arranged guestrooms .
sunrise blace apartments also includes a sun terrace .
the hotel krone has modern rooms with cable tv and a bright bathroom with free bathrobe .
plovdiv airport is 50 km away .
from the property , the popular tower bridge and tower of london are 2 . 3 miles away and cambridge heath train station is a 5 - minute walk to the north .
set in a 4 - hectare park alongside the river seine , chambres d ’ hôtes le val sarah offers a tennis court , football table and cinema room .
tangier ibn battouta airport is located 63 km from the property .
centrally located , the hotel is a 5 - minute walk away from restaurants and shops .
it has an equipped kitchen and a washing machine is available , as well .
free wifi is offered throughout the property and free private parking is available on site .
the castle is 1 km from the property and the historical centre can be reached on foot within 2 minutes .
free wifi is offered throughout the property .
some units feature a balcony and / or patio with sea or mountain views .
guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant and bar .
pau is 45 km from the hotel and the property offers free parking .
breakfast is served in each apartment .
the surrounding area offers a range of outdoor activities , including kayaking , and cycling .
featuring a shower , the private bathrooms also has free toiletries .
rooms also benefit from 24 - hour room service and a fully stocked minibar .
the nearest airport is trapani airport , 13 km from appartamento limoni .
the accommodation is equipped with a seating and dining area .
the hotel is surrounded by medieval streets , wine bars , restaurants and its own green park .
the pramataris hotel is only 100 metres from the marketplace and monemvasia city centre .
you can reach the ferry service to the mainland within a 20 to 30 - minute car ride .
a microwave , fridge and coffee maker are provided in all rooms at hilton garden inn ft worth alliance airport .
at apartment jelenović d . you will find a garden and barbecue facilities .
set on es pueto beach and offering panoramic views of the mediterranean sea , marina playa features an outdoor pool and a sun terrace with balinese beds and sun loungers .
there is a full a kitchenette with a microwave and an oven .
each includes a flat - screen plasma tv and facilities for making tea and coffee .
free public parking is available on request .
warsaw chopin airport is 4 . 4 km away .
located in the heart of the tambopata candamo national reserve , wasai tambopata offers its guests amazon expeditions and free wifi access .
located along the vibrant silom road , hq hostel offers trendy yet affordable accommodation . it features free wireless internet access in the lobby area , an internet cafe and a sports bar .
bbq facilities are provided .
the nearest airport is alicante airport , 79 km from the property .
a spacious garden with barbecue facilities is available to all guests .
apartments also come with an equipped kitchen .
turner heights townhouses are 5 minutes ’ walk from the shores of lake wakatipu and queenstown bay . it is a 10 - minute walk from the skyline gondola . the coronet peak ski fields are 20 minutes ' drive away .
the nearest vía verde cycling route is 600 metres away .
temple of heaven is 5 km from venice international youth hostel .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out albert dock ( 0 . 5 miles ) and liverpool one shopping centre ( a 5 - minute walk away ).
the fleur de ré is located on the ile de ré , off the coast of la rochelle .
tannpopo fuji condominium is a 20 - minute drive from gotemba outlet shopping mall , and a 40 - minute drive from fuji safari park .
the accommodation comes with a flat - screen tv and a kitchenette , fitted with a microwave and a fridge .
free wifi is available at bearlincity apartments - city center west .
you can enjoy garden view from the room .
the shops of cala mayor are only 500 metres away .
there is a full kitchenette with a refrigerator and kitchenware .
free private parking is available on site .
free private parking is available on site .
each unit is equipped with a tv , fan and electric blankets .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
james river golf club is 6 . 5 miles away .
the nearest beach is in kanegra , 3 km away , while the historic umag is 7 km away .
private bathrooms are fitted with a bath tub or with a shower .
you can enjoy sea view .
the air - conditioned accommodation features a refrigerator and tea / coffee making facilities .
the international airport of punta cana is a 20 - minute drive away .
the en suite bathroom includes tadelakt walls and zellij tiles .
set on pohorje mountain , the property is 10 km from slobenska bistrica and 32 km from maribor .
guest rooms at the courtyard fayetteville have cable tv and free high - speed internet access . they also include a spacious work desk and a coffee maker .
guests enjoy buffet breakfast with fresh fruits , juice , cookies and cakes .
b & b sa cruxitta serves a sweet and savoury breakfast that includes homemade food .
the rooms offer independent heating and most have a private balcony .
elafonisi is 37 km from elaida house , while georgioupolis is 38 km from the property .
free private parking is possible at the studios manganas .
the university of economics is 1 . 4 km from the hotel . prague airport is 15 km away .
guest house rila is set 14 km away from borovets .
situated a short stroll from petitenget beach , villa batavia offers elegant villa with free wifi access throughout the property .
a garden and a sunny , furnished terrace with barbecue facilities are at guests ’ disposal .
traditional sri - lankan style of cooking using natural firewood is also available .
wi - fi is available for free in public spaces .
dubrovnik airport is 23 km away .
each air - conditioned apartment includes a balcony and seating area with a flat - screen tv and sofas .
featuring a fitness centre and an indoor pool , howard johnson hotel versalles barranquilla offers rooms with free wi - fi and plasma tvs in barranquilla .
each apartment features a balcony and free wi - fi . the units are comprised of a bedroom and a fully equipped kitchen with dining area and tv .
breakfast is served on site or at a bar just outside the door .
it take s a 10 - minute drive from the property to waterbom waterpark , and a 15 - minute drive to the iconic kuta beach . getting to bali denpasar international airport will take around 5 minutes by car .
north golf course inc .
offering a ski school and a ski pass sales point , balázs panzió is situated in izvoare in the harghita region , 30 km from sovata .
a flat - screen tv is available .
relaxing balinese massages can be enjoyed in room .
holiday home grusvejen slagelse iii is located in drøsselbjerg and offers accommodation for 8 people .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out bushi lake that is 5 km , the lions point and the monkey point that are 7 km and the dukes nose and the karla caves that are 10 km .
guests can enjoy a variety of cuisines at one of the fine - dining restaurants .
a flat - screen tv with access to cable and satellite channels is provided in each room at the oak tree inn hearne .
the shore of lake bolsena are a 20 - minute drive from agriturismo santa veronica . orvieto is 35 km away .
with views of the surrounding countryside , the rustic - style apartments all come with a sofa and flat - screen tv . each has a well - equipped kitchenette .
with good access to the a - 1 motorway , this modern hotel is located in alcobendas , just 10 minutes ’ drive from barajas airport .
other facilities include electric heating .
there is also a dining area .
this hotel is 10 miles from heathrow international airport .
several buses stop close to the apartments .
there is also a kitchenette , fitted with a microwave , toaster and fridge . a stovetop and coffee machine are also featured .
the chalet is accessible via the a8 motorway , which is 8 km away .
pamukkale is 28 km from the hotel .
offering a terrace and sauna , rybino guest house is situated in krasnaya polyana . guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant .
the hotel ’ s restaurant opens for dinner and serves local dishes and classic italian cuisine .
jason features a swimming pool and free public wi - fi .
tbilisi airport is 15 minutes ’ drive from the hotel .
there is a full kitchenette with a microwave and a refrigerator .
all rooms feature wrought - iron beds and vaulted ceilings with exposed brickwork . each is provided with air conditioning , a flat - screen tv , and an en suite bathroom complete with toiletries and slippers .
located off interstate 85 , features of this hotel include a indoor swimming pool and a continental breakfast .
the bathroom comes with free toiletries .
at apartmani hemetek you will find a garden and a shared terrace .
sviblovo metro station is a 3 - minute walk away .
offering a garden , koukou apartments is set in vathi , 800 metres from port of ithaki .
set in a renovated barn , la bourbonnière has a garden with terrace and a lounge with books and board games . located in saint - nicolas - des - biefs , it offers a self - catering apartment with garden view and free wi - fi access .
there are also cottages which include a terrace , seating area and a fully equipped kitchen .
the strandbad sittlinger restaurant is just 50 metres away . there are several other restaurants within 400 metres .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with towels .
offering a restaurant , silk way boutique hotel is located in osh , a 7 - minute walk from central market .
baldo degli ubaldi metro station is 2 km from the property , while the vatican museums are 1 . 5 km away .
similarly , a climbing hall is also only 4 minutes away , while cross - country skiing trails pass right behind the house .
there is a kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave , as well as a bathroom with a shower , a hairdryer and free toiletries .
the rooms are attractively decorated according to cycladic tradition , which is in keeping with the natural environment .
the private bathroom includes a hairdryer and free toiletries .
3 - star hotel kazimierz iii is situated in the kazimierz jewish district , 650 metres from the planty park surrounding the old town and 700 metres from wawel royal castle .
packed lunches can be requested . room service is available .
featuring free wifi and a seasonal outdoor pool , данил и дарья offers accommodation in vityazevo , 12 km from anapa . free private parking is available on site .
in summer , guests can enjoy swimming in an outdoor pool , which is a 10 - minute walk away , or hike in the heiterwanger hochalm area .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
the vega is 200 metres from a bus stop linking with verona and trento .
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings , including skiing , horse riding and fishing .
rua josé paulino and rua 25 de março feature a variety of stores and markets and are equally a 15 - minute drive away .
guests of hotel jasmac plaza can relax in the yukata cotton robe while watching satellite tv .
also , there is an on - site restaurant where you can enjoy local dishes .
the poseidon gardens spa are a 20 - minute walk from villa antonio , while casamicciola terme is 6 km away .
a simple breakfast with toast and jam , cereals , tea and coffee is provided each morning .
free private parking is available at sarova .
the apartment is 1 . 2 km from marina gdynia .
verona airport is 47 km away .
canoe rentals and boat trips along the river can be organised at the hotel .
torre paradiso offers free wifi and air - conditioned apartments with satellite tv , all in minori on the amalfi coast .
rooms here will provide you with a tv , air conditioning and a minibar .
kissimmee is 24 km from hillcrest villa in davenport hd618 , while lakeland is 37 km away .
resort tirol offers stylish alpine - style apartments with a garden or a terrace , 250 metres from the schatzberglift ski area and 300 metres from niederau ’ s centre .
the rooms either overlook part of the sea or the historic city centre .
a continental breakfast is available every morning at the margate , and a buffet breakfast is served in the summer months .
the bathroom is fitted with a shower and includes a hairdryer and free toiletries .
other facilities offered at the property include grocery deliveries , meeting facilities and a games room .
enjoying a quiet location in the village of demänová , harly is set 4 km from liptovský mikuláš .
the fort lauderdale hollywood international airport is 6 miles away .
some rooms have a private terrace with a view of le tréport ’ s famous chalk cliffs .
the colourful rooms at the ocaktan have modern amenities .
the property is just 1 km from the janardhana swamy temple .
towels are featured .
prague castle can be reached within 3 km .
offering a garden , mobile homes kristina is located in bibinje . zadar is 6 km from the property .
some rooms have a large flat - screen tv .
domodedovo international airport is 7 km from nabat palace domodedovo .
other facilities at duplex mirador aguamarina include a year - round outdoor pool .
you will find a shared kitchen at the property .
red maple bed & breakfast is located in new delhi , 7 km from connaught place and the city centre .
has a washing machine , and the living room features a sofa bed and cable tv .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
apartments and studios feature garden views and a flat - screen tv . they also have a private bathroom with a shower .
the accommodation will provide you with a tv and seating area .
grand central station and the united nations are located in midtown east .
wi - fi access is also available .
favignana is 17 km from sale , sole e mare , while castellammare del golfo is 45 km away .
the bathroom is complete with a shower .
the resort also provides laundry services and meeting rooms .
in winter and in low season we are offering the whole villa exclusively for families or groups / up to 17 persons .
free private parking is available on site .
a supermarket can be found 40 metres from the apartment .
in addition , this property also has 7 conference rooms which can be used for various events and meetings .
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave . a dining area is also offered .
free parking is available at the apartment .
hotel gomero is 1 , 5 km from tahai archeological site and 19 km from anakena and ovahe beaches .
the city of dubrovnik is 8 km away .
central aliados avenue is 1 . 4 km away , while the clérigos tower 1 . 6 km away . dom luis i bridge is 1 . 6 km away and is next to ribeira and the port wine cellars .
the hotel is 15 km perur patteeswarar temple , 23 km from marudamalai and 100 km from the hill station of ooty .
free parking is available and dry cleaning services is offered with an extra charge .
located 1 . 9 km from luzhniki stadium , apartment mosfilm offers accommodation in moscow .
there is a private bathroom with a bath .
this modern hotel is within a 5 - minute underground ride of munich main station and the oktoberfest beer festival grounds .
set in the heart of zagreb , studio citizen zagreb is located just steps away from the main square and the ilica shopping street .
here , you can rent bikes for free and ride around the green surroundings .
the refurbished cobar motor inn is 6 minutes ' drive from great cobar heritage centre . it is 20 minutes ' drive from cobar airport .
after a rich breakfast buffet , walk to the beach or enjoy the sun swimming in the large outdoor pool and lying in one of the loungers around it .
alternatively , they can go for a massage or visit the business centre .
all of suites have a 32 - inch led tv with limited cable channels .
a flat - screen tv and a seating area are featured in all air - conditioned hyatt place atlanta alpharetta north point mall rooms .
a common kitchen is offered , where guests can prepare their meals and barbecue facilities are provided outside .
rooms at the red wine club are spacious and cosy .
guests can enjoy daily vip treats in their room , a daily newspaper and bathrobes and slippers .
the kitchen features an oven , a microwave and a toaster , as well as a coffee machine and a kettle .
a variety of beverages are accessible at the bar .
foz do iguaçu airport is 8 km away .
there are laundry facilities on site , as well as a garden and bbq facilities .
all of the accommodation at quinta do monteverde features bright décors and seating areas with wooden flooring .
san casciano in val di pesa is 15 km away .
the nearest airport is warsaw chopin airport , 6 km from studio in heart of warsaw .
the apartment comes with a seating area , a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a bathroom with a bath , a shower and a hairdryer .
island krk is connected to the mainland by bridge , 3 . 6 km away .
the bathroom includes a bidet and free toiletries .
all rooms offer a tv with satellite channels .
holiday home kystagervej odder ix is located in odder . the property can accommodate up to six guests .
located directly on braunfels ' historic market square , the traditional gasthof am turm is just 50 metres from braunfels castle and gardens .
wasserwelt wagrain with swimming and spa facilities is only 250 metres away , while a mini golf course can be reached in a 5 - minute walk .
featuring free wifi and a spa centre , hotel sopot offers pet - friendly accommodation in sopot , 700 metres from sopot aquapark .
the novotel nürnberg ’ s restaurant offers franconian and international cuisine .
baanphuthadol is a convenient 10 - minute drive from the lively walking street and maehongson airport .
vegueta food market , a pedestrian shopping area and the oceanfront are within a 10 - minute walk .
relaxing massage can be arranged upon request .
the guesthouse is situated in the heart of san antonio , within walking distance of the beach and the famous west end area with its lively atmosphere , restaurants and bars .
tuapse train station 9 km away .
some also have a balcony , and junior suites boast a spa bath or turkish bath .
these rooms come with 2 sets of bunk beds plus a private bathroom with shower .
a restaurant , a café bar and a mini market for the general supplies can be found 200 metres away .
the portuguese border is a 25 - minute drive away .
guests are welcome to enjoy a drink in the bar or relax on the terrace .
fitted with air conditioning and carpeted flooring , all rooms are equipped with a cable tv and minibar .
there is also a kitchen , equipped with a fridge and stovetop . there is a private bathroom with a shower and a hairdryer in each unit .
the stylish bathroom is inside the bedroom .
apartments are fitted with wooden furniture and carpeted or wooden floors . a hairdryer is found in the private bathroom .
for entertainment , a karaoke room is available from 6pm - 1am .
guests can enjoy birdwatching and fishing , as well as many hiking possibilities .
every room is equipped with a flat - screen tv . some rooms have a seating area where you can relax .
free wifi is featured throughout the property and free private parking is available on site .
hiking and cycling trails start right outside .
rafting on cetina river and hiking in omiš can be organised by the owners upon request .
each morning breakfast is served .
set in steamboat springs , this apartment is 1 . 8 km from steamboat ski resort .
this stylish boutique hotel is conveniently placed 1 km from farrer park station , city square mall and the popular 24 - hour mustafa shopping centre .
facilities like ski storage , ski equipment hire and ski pass vendor are offered on site .
the calamigos beach club also offers full dining and beach bar service with views of the malibu coastline from every window .
free wifi is available and free private parking is available on site .
they include tea / coffee making facilities and some rooms have city views .
guest rooms at prince monceau include a flat - screen tv and a private bathroom with a hairdryer and a magnifying mirror .
gästehaus emberger is loctated amid the scenic zillertal valley about 1 . 5 km from the centre of mayrhofen and 400 metres from the horbergbahn cable car .
open since 1970 , camoscio hotel includes mountain - view rooms furnished in typical alpine décor with parquet or carpeted floors .
all studios at sunlight are bright and open to a balcony .
the hotel is just over an hours ’ drive from palma and its airport .
a train station and the weisshorn cable car station are 800 metres away , and the hörnli cable car station is 3 . 2 km away .
apartment on gagarina 2 offers accommodation in petrozavodsk .
extras include a desk and bed linen .
the fully - equipped kitchen has a dining area , an oven , refrigerator , microwave and dishwasher .
the kitchen has an oven .
featuring free wifi throughout the property , meerak vintage @ pattaya is located in jomtien beach , 3 . 2 km from jomtien beach .
the air - conditioned boat of oceanos consists of 4 cabins , a bathroom , a full kitchen with an oven and a refrigerator and a communal dining area with flat - screen tv .
some rooms offer panoramic sea views .
there is a common kitchen at pensão prata , where guests can enjoy their meals .
shops can be found a short walk away .
it offers fine cuisine and free parking .
the citotel le challans is located in the city centre of challans and opposite the train station .
the kitchenette is equipped with an oven .
the apartments at angel ' s suites marmaris come with modern furnishings and hardwood floor .
a sweet buffet breakfast is provided daily .
the air - conditioned suites and studios at sky open onto a balcony .
set in riotorto , 44 km from grosseto , brancatelli features a seasonal outdoor pool and barbecue .
it features air - conditioned accommodation and a stone - paved courtyard with a communal kitchen .
some rooms have cable tv and feature colonial - style dark wood furniture .
named after the aeolian islands , the air - conditioned en suite rooms feature typical decorative details .
some also feature a comfortable seating area .
bukovel ski resort is 25 km from pid lelekoyu , and the distance to lviv is 200 km .
guest may also choose to prepare their own meal in the kitchen , which features all the necessary cooking utensils .
each room at jennys huamatl comes with a private bathroom , a flat - screen tv with cable channels and parquet flooring .
holiday home sydslugen blåvand denm is located in blåvand and can accommodate up to ten persons .
the a3 motorway is a 40 - minute drive away .
the santa giulia is just a 12 - minute drive from porto - vecchio , where guests can access ferry services to marseilles .
a grocery shop is just 200 metres away .
you will find a shared kitchen at the property .
it offers an outdoor pool and wi - fi .
you will have access to shared bathroom facilities .
a concierge desk and business centre takes care of guests ’ requests and needs .
other facilities offered include meeting facilities , a shared lounge and a games room .
just 50 metres from the characteristic fishing village of marina di puolo , hotel residence villa anna is surrounded by a large garden with tables and chairs . it offers apartments with a balcony , terrace or patio .
the resort offers accommodation in 16 hotel rooms with a balcony or a terrace , or the apartments and bungalows with a bedroom , a tv and a private bathroom , which are set approximately 30 metres from the hotel .
breakfast at the mediterraneo is served on the terrace in fine weather .
a fabulous ground floor self - catering apartment ( sleeping up to two ) located in a purpose built block of short - term holiday - let apartments which offers stunning views over bournemouth .
the private bathroom comes with a shower .
located 600 metres from national academic big opera and ballet theatre , apartment sweethome 2 offers accommodation in minsk . the apartment is 1 . 2 km from holy spirit cathedral .
the property is 700 metres from siófok train station .
all units feature a balcony with mountain views , satellite tv , and a private bathroom .
the property offers free parking .
the master bedroom suite comes with a spa bathroom and a walk - in closet .
the property offers free parking .
the nearest airport is murcia - san javier airport , 17 km from casa euromar miramar .
all rooms are non - smoking .
it offers free wi - fi , free parking and homemade meals made from local , organic ingredients .
verbania is 15 km away .
the stegerwaldsiedlung u - bahn ( underground ) station is 5 - 10 minutes away on foot . it connects you to cologne ' s city centre in 15 minutes .
arar airport is 18 km away from al bustan crown hotel 2 . an airport shuttle is available upon request .
villa luka offers free parking .
a bus , with direct connections to the seaside , stops 300 metres from the della pace .
guest house zolotaya rybka is located in olginka , 48 km from lazarevskoye and 18 km from tuapse .
downtown is 169 km away .
the gaivoronok thermal baths are 1 . 5 km away , and berehove train station is 500 metres from the guest house .
this property provides a restaurant , as well as packed lunches and special diet menus upon request .
apartament polanki is an apartment located in gdańsk , 600 metres from university of gdań  sk .
some rooms have a small balcony .
a continental breakfast with fruits , eggs , hot drinks , bread , butter , jams , and natural juices is served daily .
the sncf train station is only 350 metres from the hotel .
after a free continental breakfast with a traditional mexican dish , go for a swim in the outdoor pool or relax on the wooden sun deck . spend the day at the beach , and take advantage of the towels and chairs from the hotel ' s beach club .
gurney plaza is 300 metres from the property , while komtar is 3 . 7 km from the property .
the property is 400 metres from 360 chicago and 400 metres from water tower chicago .
free wi - fi and 24 - hour front desk service are offered to all guests of the fashionhaus hotel .
the well - appointed rooms at yang ming shan tien lai resort & spa come with modern interiors .
laundry and transfer services are available .
it has an outdoor pool , and offers air - conditioned rooms with balconies and views of the atlantic ocean .
free wi - fi and parking are available .
high country motel is 4 minutes ’ walk from the porepunkah plantation state forest and a 10 - minute walk from bright town centre , which offers a range of cafés and restaurants .
samui airport is 6 km from the property .
there are tennis courts and a golf course nearby .
rooms at the flamboyant are spacious and elegantly decorated , using the colours of the sea and the african wood as inspiration .
guests can start their day with a continental breakfast served daily at the dining area .
massages and treatments can be booked .
sochi train station is 1 . 5 km from the apartment , and adler airport is 35 . 5 km away .
huaqiang north business area is a 10 - minute drive away and shenzhen bao ’ an international airport is 33 km away .
overlooking the ocean , the bar serves a wide variety of cocktails and snacks .
exeter international airport is 14 km from the property .
the property has a garden and a ski storage room with boot drying facilities . private parking is available on site free of charge .
goodwood motor circuit is 10 . 3 miles away and chichester cathedral is 11 miles away .
tasmaria features a pool bar serving drinks , snacks and cocktails .
free internet access is available in this holiday home .
guests choosing stuttgart world of apartment can book a range of services .
the house overlooks the whitsunday passage towards hamilton island .
résidence de savigny is located in billy - sur - oisy and offers self - catering accommodations just a 10 - minute walk to the town centre .
guests can savour german and american cuisine at oskars restaurant and bar or sandwiches at mary ’ s restaurant within 15 minutes ’ walk of the property .
they also come with a private furnished patio and a flat - screen tv .
all brightly decorated rooms come with paintings and large windows . they include a satellite tv and private bathroom , and some rooms are air conditioned .
stratford can be reached in 25 minutes via public transport .
wi - fi is free in shared areas .
montreal - pierre elliott trudeau international airport is located 15 km from the property .
melbourne airport is located 25 . 5 km from the property .
the nearest metro station at kobylisy , on line c , is set 500 metres from hotel libuše , and it offers connections towards prague main train station and the centre of the city .
rich offers home - cooked meals , and guests can cook in a shared kitchen equipped with a stovetop , kettle and kitchenware .
free wi - fi access is available .
featuring beach access and a large outdoor pool , this resort offers spacious guest rooms with a private balcony .
sochi discovery world aquarium is 11 km from olimpiysky park guest house , while sochi autodrom is 2 km away .
you can enjoy city view from the room .
bars , restaurants and supermarkets can be found within 1 km from the property .
the hotel also offers car hire .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower .
anjou golf and country club is 10 km away , and local activities include horse riding and fishing .
bicycle rentals are also provided .
featuring free wifi and air conditioning , apartments mont is located in budva , just 10 - minute walk from the sandy slovenska beach . budva old town can be reached in 1 . 9 km and mogren beach is 2 . 1 km away from the property .
the surrounding schleswig - holstein countryside is ideal for hiking , cycling and horse riding .
the three - bedroom accommodation will provide you with satellite tv , a terrace and a seating area .
guests at skamania can relax with a massage from the on - site spa , play a round of golf on the 18 hole course , rent a complimentary bicycle from the front desk or plan the next day ' s activities and adventures with help from the knowledgeable concierge desk .
there are deck chairs around the pool , plus a relaxation lounge , with herbal teas and drinks .
free parking is provided and can accommodate most cars , trucks or buses .
with an unbeatable oceanfront location , hotel santorini is just 40 metres from scenic itaparica beach .
the apartment is set in a house built in 1892 and it consists of a bedroom with a double bed , a spacious living room with leather sofas , a fully equipped kitchen with provided basic victuals and a bathroom with a corner bathtub with shower functions .
plaza catalunya square and barcelona city centre are 20 minutes away by metro .
a continental breakfast is included and served each morning in the dining room .
located a 5 - minute drive away from the centre of natal , porto mirim is situated 6 km from park of the dunes which has trails for hiking .
slippers , free toiletries and a hairdryer are provided .
on - site parking is provided .
the property also offers spacious dormitory rooms with lots of natural light .
fitted with wooden flooring , rooms and chalets include a fan , clothes rack and air conditioning .
extras include a desk .
it offers free wifi and private parking .
the centre of hvar is just 300 metres away , while a pebbly beach can be found 500 metres from the property .
free wifi is offered throughout the property .
there are supermarkets and other amenities immediately surrounding the apartment m & c nuremberg , as well as a number of restaurants and cafés .
drinks are offered at the bar .
each apartment has a balcony , living and dining areas and a kitchen with stove , refrigerator , electric kettle and toaster .
the local bus station is 40 metres away .
the nearest airport is stuttgart airport , 53 km from the property .
other dining alternatives can be found within 10 metres from the property .
located in sibiu , this hotel is 700 metres from sibiu ’ s historical centre and 1 km from sibiu train station .
the westküstenpark animal park is just a 5 - minute drive from the ellerbrock .
free wifi is provided in all areas , while free parking is in front of the property .
guests can cook in the kitchen equipped with a microwave , stove , kettle and fridge .
all accommodation units are fitted with satellite tv , while the self - catering units offer an equipped kitchenette .
guests can also dine outside on the slunce ' s terrace .
konstantinopol hotel features a tour desk , which can assist with booking day trips .
situated in a quiet residential square , king ’ s wardrobe apartments are a 5 - minute walk from st paul ’ s underground station .
set in ostrovtsy , 14 km from moscow , this apartment features free wifi and a balcony .
free wifi access is available in most rooms .
tickets for the europa park can be purchased from the hirsch .
it features an outdoor pool , a business centre and complimentary wifi access throughout its premises .
the mountview hotel has a bistro - style restaurant , serving modern scottish cuisine , where guests will enjoy panoramic mountain views .
located in protaras , oceanview villa 167 offers an outdoor pool .
free wifi is available on site .
free wi - fi is available in public areas .
the hotel offers free wifi access in all rooms .
breakfast is served in the winter garden .
the elegant via veneto street with its cafés and boutique shops is reachable in 15 minutes on foot .
suites la residence is 1 . 5 km from the corniche seafront promenade .
a shuttle is available from / to brindisi - salento airport , 89 km from the property .
gluten - free options are available upon request .
there are also 2 tv lounges . kongsberg aktivitetspark also features free wifi .
all units come with a satellite tv and balcony .
the nearest airport is sao paulo / congonhas airport , 14 km from the property .
regular city buses to the city of arts and sciences leave from a stop just outside .
apartments additionally feature a kitchen with a dining area .
all rooms have plenty of natural light , and are fitted with a dvd player .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
torremolinos is 43 km from finca luna .
right on terceira beach , this guest house is surrounded by tropical gardens .
this luxury athens hotel is ideally situated in the heart of athens .
a flat - screen cable tv and coffee machine are included in each room .
it is a 10 - minute drive to ho chi minh museum , while noi bai international airport is within a 35 - minute drive away .
mystic amtrak and mystic seaport museum are within a 12 - minute drive of the hotel .
rooms here will provide you with a tv , a minibar and cable channels .
the town of lleida can be reached in 17 minutes by car .
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a microwave and a refrigerator .
featuring free wifi , elia portou due is set in the chania old town district , 100 metres from archaeological museum of chania and 100 metres from etz hayyim synagogue .
guests can find a local restaurant located across from the hostel .
guests have access to bbq facilities with a large table and benches .
the hostel offers rooms and dormitories and most of them are air - conditioned and provide a flat - screen tv and a balcony .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
all include a fridge and dining area , while bathrooms are shared .
milan cathedral is 6 km away .
the hostel offers shared kitchen facilities and plenty of common areas are featured .
there is also a barbeque at your disposal .
all rooms include a cable tv and work desk , and are decorated in rich colors .
guests can relax with a book or magazine in the library or play billiards .
the hotel is the first of its type in switzerland , combining accommodation for guests and patients at the same time .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
the open - plan bar serves lighter meals and beverages , and features a large - screen tv .
these family - run apartments are just 250 metres from the sea in kamisiana , offering a peaceful and relaxing location not far from the access road to kolymbari and chania .
jodhpur airport is a 10 - minute drive away . .
free wi - fi access is available .
die waldruhe naturhotel has a garden with sun terrace and children ' s playground .
activities in the surrounding area include skiing , cycling and hiking .
grand bazaar is 1 km from stone art hotel , while spice bazaar is 1 km from the property .
horseback riding can be organised 10 km away , while paintball can be arranged 15 km away .
it offers free wi - fi and country - style accommodation with a loggia with garden views .
each room includes a tv and some of the rooms have a balcony overlooking the street .
apartamentos rincón del puerto is located by san vicente de la barquera port , surrounded by the beautiful green landscapes of cantabria .
it also offers a supermarket and a bicycle rental .
guests embark and disembark at the nehru trophy boat race finishing point , which is 1 km from alleppey bus station and 6 km from alleppey railway station .
there is a dining area and a kitchen as well as a private bathroom . a flat - screen tv is featured .
10 . 7 km away from this hotel .
free toiletries and a hairdryer are provided .
the beachfront apartamentos bajondillo in torremolinos have an outdoor pool and free wi - fi .
all accommodation has air conditioning and satellite tv .
the smeraldo shares all of its facilities with its partner hotel opposite . these include free bike rental , the children ' s pool , a summer kiosk on the beach , and a restaurant with a terrace overlooking lake garda .
guests can use a ski storage room . the free ski bus stops 500 metres from the property .
reduced tickets for the domgarage ( a public parking garage a 5 - minute walk away ) are available at the reception .
each air - conditioned room here will provide you with a seating area . private bathroom also comes with a shower .
it takes 1 hour to drive to shenyang taoxian international airport .
homemade cakes and pastries are served at breakfast .
the nearest airport is queenstown airport , 6 km from alpine lodge backpackers .
other facilities include a garden , a bookable sauna and a free internet computer .
during summer the rate includes beach service ( 1 umbrella and 2 sun loungers per room ).
some overlook the city .
ravenna is 29 km away .
villa mazur comprises of 2 restaurants and a vaulted wine cellar . the staff can help you organise activities and excursions , including horse - riding and sleigh rides .
eshott hall restaurant has been awarded 2 aa rossettes , and offers fine dining and creative menus , featuring local produce and ingredients from the kitchen gardens .
guests of the olympia pension can use the sauna at a surcharge , and a ski storage room as well as a garden with deckchairs and terrace is provided .
situated in berlin ' s vibrant prenzlauer berg district , this hotel offers bright , comfortably furnished rooms .
it is a 15 - minute drive from jampore beach and a 20 - minute drive from vapi railway station .
hyberabad international airport is 31 km from the hotel .
you can enjoy walks in the fresh air and even skiing at the small el morredero resort , only 20km away .
there also is a fireplace lounge , where they can relax with a glass of wine .
you can reserve poolside sun loungers , which is recommended .
there are some fantastic hiking routes near the house , along the costa da morte .
a microwave , refrigerator and cable tv are included in each room . private bathrooms are equipped with a hairdryer .
there is a dining area and a kitchen as well as a private bathroom . a tv with satellite channels and dvd player is provided .
offering a daily breakfast buffet , hotel stratus centro is located in volta redonda , just 2 km from the city ` s bus station .
guests have free access to a jetty where they can enjoy fishing .
the nearest airport is mohammed v international airport , 21 km from the property .
it offers a multi - cuisine restaurant and 24 - hour room service .
the kitchen is equipped with a microwave .
staff can provide concierge and laundry services .
the hotel has private and shared facilities .
a flat - screen tv is available .
conveniently located off motorway i - 20 and a short distance from area attractions and local corporate offices , this all - suite hotel features exceptional services along with many of the comforts of home .
offering a restaurant and bar , le brillet - pontin is located in port - brillet . free wi - fi access is available and laval city centre is only a 25 - minute drive away .
a safety deposit box and tea and coffee - making facilities are provided .
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher , a coffee brewer and a microwave .
holiday home højvangen ebeltoft i is located in ebeltoft and it can accommodate up to six guests .
jindalai hotel is set in yanji .
the james madison university is 3 miles from the hotel .
there is a seating area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher and an oven .
wi - fi internet and parking are both free .
all rooms have a private bathroom .
free wifi access is available .
the private bathroom includes a hairdryer and free toiletries .
with free wifi , casina di cecco e della giulia is located in montecatini terme in the tuscany region , and 100 metres from terme excelsior .
from the balcony you can enjoy panoramic views of the mountains .
set in the peaceful qingshiling village , beijing baihewan shengwang farmstay offers orderly arranged guestrooms .
it features free wifi and a garden with a seating area and bbq .
a washing machine and ironing facilities are also available .
breakfast and dinner served as an open buffet .
each modern room at hotel eurostars toledo features attractive parquet floors and contemporary décor .
a flat - screen tv is provided .
from the hotel you can visit the château de versailles or spend a day hiking through the rambouillet forest .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
disney world is 12 . 1 km from the property .
the inturjoven víznar youth hostel offers bright , functional dorms and private rooms .
the en suite bathroom comes with toiletries .
breakfast is a varied buffet including fresh fruit , eggs , and local pastries .
the town ’ s scenic ocean - front promenade is a 5 - minute walk from the property , while barra de navidad lagoon is 2 km away .
some accommodations feature a private swimming pool and a fully equipped kitchen .
parking is available on site at no extra charge .
udomsuk hotel offers accommodation in the heart of satun city .
the restaurant specialises in local italian cuisine , including a vegetable and salad buffet .
just 100 metres from a sandy beach , this hotel offers a sauna and free wi - fi .
melbourne airport is a 1 - more drive away .
free wifi is available .
a fitness centre , a grocery shop and other small shops are on site too .
the accommodation comprises a flat - screen tv , a terrace and a seating area .
this property boasts 4 dining options , a fitness centre with sauna bath and a rooftop swimming pool with panoramic views of golden temple and amritsar city .
featuring free wifi throughout the property , hotel kuzmolovo offers pet - friendly accommodation in kuyalovo , 21 km from saint petersburg .
there is also a kitchenette , equipped with a fridge . a stovetop and kettle are also offered .
metz - nancy - lorraine airport is 28 km away .
the nearest airport is suvarnabhumi airport , 19 km from the tropical residence .
it is an ideal place to spend the hot summer days .
oktober down town rooms enjoys a prime location in the centre of rhodes town , just metres away from the medieval town , the beach and rhodes casino .
a range of extras can be arranged including massages and wine and candles on arrival .
the mimosa is located in a modern building 50 metres from the adriatic sea .
each includes a tv and fridge . all units have a private bathroom with hairdryer and shower .
the property produces cold cuts , vegetables and breed horses .
the property has private parking , and the staff can help the guests with information about interesting touristic spots and sightseeing in the vicinity .
hostel clock tower also includes a terrace .
aquadiver water park is just 4 km away .
for your comfort , you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer .
an oven and a fridge can be found in the kitchen .
other facilities at crestview 056 include a sauna .
providing a tranquil environment , the rooms in pichi peuma hue feature private bathrooms .
individually decorated , all the heated rooms at riad olema et spa offer a seating area with a flat - screen tv and a dvd player .
grantley adams airport is located 10 km from the property .
the property offers free parking .
it has 2 restaurants to choose from as well as free wi - fi and free private parking .
mont - orford national park is just 2 minutes ’ drive away .
you can enjoy mountain view and city view from the room .
rooms have an en suite bathroom with a hairdryer , as well as a coffee machine .
rooms are tastefully furnished and free wifi access is available throughout the hotel .
the rooms include a private bathroom .
guests ’ can pick up supplies at safeway food market , just 45 minutes ’ away from cottonwood cove resort & marina , a forever resort .
cruises to malta can also be organised .
the air - conditioned rooms come with modern and elegant interiors .
guests benefit from free wifi and private parking available on site .
this spacious apartment is situated in a peaceful residential area on the outskirts of rust . ferienwohnung gruseck is around a 15 - minute walk from the famous europa - park leisure park .
the hochötz ski area is a 10 - minute drive away or a 20 - minute ride with the ski bus that stops 400 metres away .
sweet croissants , bread , jam and hot drinks are served daily for breakfast in the shared kitchen .
all apartments have a kitchen and the option of freshly baked bread rolls .
jaarbeurs conference centre is 20 minutes away by car .
the kitchenette includes a microwave , a fridge and a toaster .
bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for cycling .
the roman and medieval city of fréjus is a 10 - minute drive away , and access to the a8 motorway is at 10 minutes by car .
a microwave , small refrigerator and coffee - making facilities are available in each of the rooms at goose creek days inn . guests can also enjoy cable tv in every room .
the closest restaurant is 50 metres away , while several shops can be found within a 5 - minute walk .
you can also easily reach the dramatic coastline and fantastic beaches of this northern region , just 20 minutes away .
featuring classic - style décor the apartment comes with 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms , one with a spa bath .
a buffet breakfast is served daily , and you can enjoy regional and mediterranean dishes prepared by the hosts on request .
beverly guest house is a 10 - minute walk from the avenue of stars and the star ferry terminal .
offering an outdoor pool and hot tub , moncastro hotel is situated in zatoka in the odessa region region .
featuring an outdoor swimming pool , free wi - fi throughout and a garden with bbq facilities , valle degli ulivi offers rooms 2 . 5 km from contursi terme .
this duplex - style apartment includes a living area with satellite tv and an open - plan kitchen . it is equipped with an oven , dishwasher , and washing machine .
panorama danubius apartment offers accommodation in budapest , 300 metres from matthias church and 500 metres from chain bridge . the property boasts views of the river and is 500 metres from buda castle .
jimmy ’ s studios are spacious and open out to a balcony or patio .
guests can enjoy massage services at the massage centre .
the owner can provide fresh bread in the morning .
there is no curfew here , meaning that all day and all night you are free to enjoy all that this exciting area of berlin has to offer .
there is a communal kitchen with a microwave and toaster .
it takes 45 minutes to drive to tianjin binhai international airport .
set 8 km from krasnodar expo in krasnodar , hostel new features free wifi access and free private parking .
it offers a flat - screen tv , comfortable seating area and a private bathroom with a shower and free toiletries .
pierre have a tv , minibar and private bathroom .
each air - conditioned room here will provide you with a tv , desk and a terrace . private bathroom also comes with a shower .
complete with a private balcony that opens up to panoramic sea views , all units have air conditioning and a seating area .
apartment volguntes street is housed in a quiet and green residential district of riga , within 5 km from the city centre .
this hotel is located on the outskirts of the nuthe - nieplitz nature park , amidst rural idyll .
a free airport shuttle is offered at moncton fairfield inn & suites .
you can enjoy a rich breakfast in the on - site palette restaurant .
lake como is 4 km away .
some have a balcony or a terrace with a view of the sea and free wi - fi access is available .
private parking spaces are available on site free of charge .
free wi - fi access is available in all areas .
every room comes with a flat - screen tv .
guests can rent deck chairs on the beach or have meals at the restaurant there .
guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant . free private parking is available on site .
santa margherita ligure is 32 km from bed and breakfast le quattro stagioni , while recco is 21 km .
this south carolina motel offers free wi - fi , an outdoor pool and rooms include cable tv .
the goa international airport is 60 km away .
san diego international airport is located 4 km away .
other restaurants , bars and cafes can also be found within a few steps from the property .
airport hotel park blue features free wifi .
free wi - fi is accessible in public areas .
there is a 24 - hour front desk , a shared lounge , concierge service and hairdresser ' s at the property .
guests at the hill guesthouse can utilize the public lounge equipped with a kitchen and dining area .
an oven and a microwave can be found in the kitchenette and there is a private bathroom .
offering luggage storage , car rental , currency exchange and laundry / dry - cleaning facilities , hotel capitol also features valet parking , babysitting services and boasts a tour desk .
drinks and snacks can be ordered at la barra bar , where guest can also enjoy a tea service in the afternoon .
there is a shared kitchen and shops at the property .
located in scordia , the ogliastro apartment offers country - style accommodation with a garden - view terrace .
the country - style restaurant will spoil you with hearty german cuisine and weekly specials .
free on - site parking is available .
for guests arriving by car , an outdoor car park is available on site with an extra cost and subject to availability .
an oven and a microwave can be found in the kitchen and there is a private bathroom with bath robes , slippers and free toiletries .
tenerife norte airport is 8 km away .
apartments in diplomat also includes an outdoor pool .
kitchenettes include a hob and fridge .
a traditional 19th - century house in a peaceful country setting , les jardins d ' anna - chambres d ' hôtes is located in tapon , 5 km from saint - ilpize .
fitted with wooden flooring , spacious air - conditioned rooms are equipped with a private bathroom and a safety deposit box .
superior rooms feature a spa bath or a hot tub .
el olivo serves a daily continental breakfast .
they are also equipped with all the amenities needed for a pleasant stay .
free wifi access is available .
offering a barbecue , bon apart is set in trabzon , 8 km from hagia sophia museum .
a free shuttle serve to locations within 5 miles is provided for guests of the westin memorial city houston .
this unique hotel , located on a hill in sinasos , is housed in a historical mansion and boasts spectacular views of cappadocia .
free wifi is provided in public areas .
free private parking is possible on site .
guests can start their day on the sunny terrace with a rich breakfast buffet .
saint - jean - de - luz train station is 10 km from the property and biarritz is 20 km away .
a classic italian breakfast , including pastries , yogurt , and cold cuts , is served daily .
the moura encantada is a 15 - minute drive from santa clara - a - velha .
it offers a wellness centre , restaurants , and a free seasonal shuttle service to the centre .
the terrace is the perfect place to relax with a newspaper .
situated on the anatolian side of istanbul , elite hotel kucukyali offers rooms with free wi - fi and a flat - screen tv . facilities include a rooftop pool with panoramic views of the marmara sea .
the on - site restaurant serves traditional local cuisine and bars and grocery shops can be found within walking distance .
eduardo casanova ' s archeological museum is 1 km away .
guests can enjoy excellent shopping within just 100 metres of the hotel , and david ’ s central park is only a 3 - minute walk away .
taman is 38 km from guest house bavaria , while vityazevo is 12 km from the property .
the apartment will provide you with a satellite tv and air conditioning . there is a full a kitchen with a dishwasher and a refrigerator .
zadar airport is 14 km from the property .
it consists of sweet food including croissants and cappuccino .
apart from playing golf on the 18 - hole course , you can enjoy a game of tennis or work out in the gym , which offers panoramic views of the scenic , wind - protected pravets basin .
most rooms open to an enclosed balcony .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a bath and a bath or shower .
younger guests benefit from the children ' s playground on site , and table tennis are also provided for free .
car hire is available at the property and the area is popular for fishing .
room service is provided .
the sinaia monastery is set 2 . 5 km away and the peles castle can be found with 4 km from the property .
drinks are available at the square bar and lounge .
the bathroom has a bath and a hairdryer .
located in the centre of skopje only 100 metres from the skopje fair and 500 metres from the international bus station , vip hotel well - appointed rooms with free wireless internet access .
the large swimming pool is surrounded by tropical landscaped gardens with a waterfall .
lisbon international airport is a 6 - minute drive from flh beato .
located by a pond and 20 metres from a river , lobes krogs is surrounded by a green forest .
it has a large garden with decking and offers free wi - fi .
a flat - screen tv is available .
apartment saburova 17 is set in izhevsk , 18 km from sk chekeril .
some units also feature a washing machine .
it offers air - conditioned accommodation .
suvarnabhumi airport is located 90 km away .
each unit is offers a private bathroom with free toiletries .
both come with floor heating .
the air - conditioned rooms of sun maritim feature carpeted floors and wooden furniture .
it is 8 km from jinzhou metro station ( line 4 ) and a 45 - minute drive from pazhou international exhibition centre .
free parking is available on site , subject to availability .
units at apartments amadeus are air conditioned and come with a balcony , a kitchenette and dining area .
guests of the crescent can relax on one of the deckchairs located on the beach .
guests can relax in the sauna or the hot tub .
breakfast and dinner are served each day at the hotel restaurant , while room service is also available .
city center shopping mall can be reached by car in 25 minutes .
there is a private bathroom with a bath and free toiletries in every unit .
guests can relax at the sun loungers by the pool and enjoy a coffee or a drink at the poolside bar .
located in primorsko , guest house natali offers free wifi .
the bathroom comes with shower and a hairdryer .
a breakfast buffet , including fresh orange juice , fresh rolls and several spreads , is offered daily in the breakfast room .
homemade produce is served every morning at breakfast and there is a bbq out in the garden .
the stylish ski & sun apartments are located in quiet surroundings in liptovsky mikulas , and just 9 km away from the jasna ski resort .
free covered or outdoor parking is available .
offering an outdoor pool with amazing views of the gulf of nicoya , bungalows finca el mirador is located in miramar , costa rica . it has on - site hiking trails , plus a massage area and bbq facilities .
the common room is fitted with a tv , tables and chairs , table tennis , microwave and a kettle .
the area is popular for cycling and hiking .
châtelet metro station is 1 minute away .
offering free wifi and a garden , apartment jotanović is located in novi vinodolski . opatija is 46 km from the property .
all of the rooms have tea and coffee making facilities and cable tv .
parking is possible for free .
set on 2 floors , the property offers air conditioning and a kitchen with dishwasher .
fitted with tiled or wooden flooring , modern air - conditioned rooms offer a tv with satellite channels and a minibar .
the accommodation offers an outdoor pool and free wifi .
each room comes with a private bathroom .
the resort has a year - round outdoor pool and children ' s playground , and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant .
departamento mendoza y conde is a self - catering accommodation located in a tranquil area of buenos aires .
costa village provides round - the - clock security .
it offers self - catering accommodation with free wi - fi .
all suites appart hotel mérignac is located 5 minutes from bordeaux mérignac airport .
room service is also available .
located in siviri in the macedonia region , this detached holiday home features a terrace and a garden .
free private parking is available on site .
the bathroom comes with a bath and shower .
also on offer is 24 - hour check in , a guest laundry and dry cleaning service .
in the summer , breakfast is served in the garden , and an early breakfast is also available .
traditional local cuisine and other greek flavours can also be enjoyed at the on - site restaurant for lunch or dinner .
the rooms are fitted with a private bathroom fitted with a bath .
all rooms have cable tv , a balcony and a private bathroom with shower .
the kahwah , a multi cuisine restaurant is situated in the hotel .
for your comfort , you will find slippers and a hairdryer .
wi - fi is free in public areas .
pension mai has 2 restaurants , offer a rich variety of dishes from romanian and international cuisine .
the tv offers a selection of satellite channels , with good sports coverage and a movie channel .
marina gdynia is 500 metres from apartament seatowers , while planetarium is 600 metres from the property .
set in the zermatt ski resort , 800 metres from the cable car , haus haro offers self - catered accommodation with mountain views , free wifi , and free access to a sauna and a hot tub .
surrounded by the karwendel and rofan mountains and combining tyrolean hospitality with italian passion , wellnesshotel & residenz vier jahreszeiten is located in maurach at the southern shore of lake achen .
free wifi access is available .
there are many cycling routes that start in han - sur - lesse .
free private parking is available on site .
free private parking is available on site .
for guests ’ convenience , the hotel provides room service , currency exchange and a 24 - hour front desk .
the nearest airport is ajaccio – napoléon bonaparte airport , 18 km from secic villa hameaux des sanguinaires .
accommodation will provide you with a satellite tv , dvd player and air conditioning . there is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven , and a bathroom with a bath and hairdryer .
all rooms at the acebos cangas come with an en suite bathroom . there is a safety deposit box and a tv in each of the rooms .
the property is 2 . 5 km from kołobrzeg lighthouse and 2 . 2 km from kołobrzeg pier .
located on the banks of the moselle river , beilstein boasts excellent fishing opportunities and hiking trails .
vanilla sweet restaurant serves a variety of delicious asian and thai cuisines .
the bright apartments at hotel & restaurant utkiek feature classic interiors . all include a tv , private bathroom and great views of the river ryck or the greifswalder bodden lake .
situated in a restored 16th - century convent , this hotel is located in alter do chão .
set in vigliatore , camping village salicà offers its own private beach and swimming pool .
each room in achtis hotel is air - conditioned and includes a refrigerator , satellite tv , and free access to the internet .
fresh bread rolls can be delivered to you apartment every morning .
during summer , you can go hiking , cycling and paragliding .
at the diana b & b breakfast features a selection of sweet pastries and croissants , together with hot drinks .
germaniya hotel is situated in kislovodsk , the narzan gallery is within a 5 - minute walk away .
the apartment will provide you with a tv , air conditioning and a seating area .
the sacramento river , the river walk , and raley field are an 10 - minute walk .
sovanphum hotel is located about 20 metres from sangke lake in battambang .
a corporate & leisure hotel apartment located in al qusais , emirates stars hotel apartment features elegant air conditioned master bedrooms with spacious living / dining areas , with state - of - the - art in - room facilities such as flat screen tv with movie & entertainment satellite channels .
a free breakfast is served each morning .
apart hotel cambiaso offers affordable accommodation and is located in the heart of providencia , just 1 block from pedro de valdivia subway station and a 10 - minute walk from san cristobal hill .
it offers a continental breakfast and an outdoor swimming pool .
the upper floor features 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms .
at the oasis you will find a restaurant .
you can enjoy sea view from the room .
each room has an electric kettle , a flat - screen tv or tv and a seating area .
a daily breakfast buffet is served in the café .
this four - bedroom accommodation will provide you with a tv , dvd - player and a hot tub .
the rooms are beautifully decorated and come fully air conditioned . they have comfortable seating areas and private bathroom facilities .
free wi - fi access is available and it has an on - site à la carte restaurant .
with stone walls and modern furnishings , they are equipped with a flat - screen tv , wardrobe and hairdryer .
the hotel offers a combination of fresh and friendly colours with comfort and functionality .
the apartment has a bright living room .
river reuss is 2 km away .
on - site parking is free for guests .
the borkheide area is steeped in aviation history , and when known as bork , it was the site of germany ’ s first motorised flight in 1909 .
guests are invited to prepare their own home - cooked meals and snacks in the fully equipped kitchen , complete with coffee machine and toaster .
there is a swing and a sandpit for children .
each room is decorated in country - style décor and has a patio .
set just 300 metres from the beach , hakerem luxury suites offers modern - style accommodation fitted with air conditioning and free wi - fi .
as a part of the university of prince edward island ’ s campus , this guest accommodation offers dorm - style rooms with free wi - fi .
six flags over texas amusement park is within 10 minutes ’ drive of the motel .
located a 5 - minute walk from mestre train station , sweet house is a self - catering accommodation with a balcony , a flat - screen tv and a washing machine .
breakfast options include cold , continental options or a cooked breakfast .
shops are a 5 - minute walk from apartment gvardeyskoy .
every room is equipped with a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
rooms are simple and comfortable and feature a fan and telephone .
towels and bed linen are provided at apartment on kommunisticheskaya .
located atop a hill with a view of costa azul beach , surfincabo overlooks the ocean , the complex offers free wi - fi , a spa and outdoor pool .
a 24 - hour business centre and a modern fitness centre that is fully equipped with cardio and weight machines are available to guests .
free private parking is available on site .
overlooking to chau river and duong dong town , river hotel features modern rooms offering panoramic windows with mountain or river views .
you can enjoy garden view from the room .
xs aparthotel is a self - catering accommodation , located in tbilisi .
a sweet italian breakfast with croissants , cereal and hot drinks is served daily .
this air - conditioned apartment offers a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher , a dining setting and a lounge area with a flat - screen tv .
massage services are available at the spa featuring a hot tub and sauna .
the villa features multiple car parking and is 600 metres away from vale de centianes beach .
palermo centrale train station is a 5 - minute walk from the d ' angelo b & b . the nearest beaches are approximately 7 km away .
this hostel is located in the historic centre of perm , just a 5 - minute walk from the perm academic theatre and the central square .
rooms with a microwave and fridge are available .
flamengo beach and its park are located 500 metres away .
other amenities included include a flat - screen tv with a dvd player and bathrooms with bath and shower facilities , toiletries and a hairdryer .
the town of boppard is 5 km away .
old town square with the orloj astronomical clock can be reached within 2 km , whilst the charles bridge is 2 . 5 km away .
free high - speed wifi is available throughout the property .
you are also welcome to use the shared barbeque facilities .
free private parking is available on site .
each apartment will provide you with a tv and a seating area . featuring a shower , the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer .
set 200 metres from santes creus monastery , albergue pere el gran is located 35 km from tarragona .
gdansk lech walesa airport is 8 km from the property .
other amenities include a washing machine and a tumble dryer .
carrasco airport is 35 km from pueblo chico .
this luxury resort features a private river beach , a spa , organic gardens and an open - air restaurant .
grocery shops and restaurants can be found within walking distance and free wifi access is provided in the apartment .
vale do milho golf is a 5 - minute drive from the property .
snowflower retreat by tahoe vacation rentals is 14 km from alpine meadows ski resort and 14 . 5 km from sqauw valley resort .
there is a 24 - hour reception at the property .
there is a cafe a few doors down from the property , and further early - opening cafés and restaurants can be found within a 5 - minute walk from the b & b .
this holiday home features a balcony , air conditioning , a flat - screen tv , a seating area and a full kitchen with an oven , a microwave and a refrigerator .
all rooms at the family - run zizzole are fitted with parquet floors and include a ceiling fan .
lunch and evening meals can be provided upon request .
the property is 900 metres from the historical centre of the town and 1 . 7 km from the české budějovice train station .
lucca is 42 km from casa fontegrande , while montecatini terme is 42 km from the property . galileo galilei airport is 36 km away .
situated on bondalem beachfront , bondalem beach club accommodates an outdoor swimming pool surrounded by sunbeds and spacious bungalows with free wi - fi .
a dishwasher , an oven and a microwave can be found in the kitchen .
elefthérios venizélos airport is 34 km from the property .
the traditionally furnished rooms at hotel rossbad feature a shower and a toilet .
dating from 1880 , segle xx is a family - run hotel in centre of tremp , capital of the pallars jussà region .
a continental breakfast is served on the terrace or in the lounge every morning at hôtel le dauphinois .
this self - catering accommodation features free wifi .
the guest house is a 45 - minute drive from bali denpasar international airport .
private bathroom also comes with a shower .
from here , you can reach st . peter ' s square and the colisseum in under 20 minutes by metro .
a variety of local shopping centres and restaurants are also easily accessible .
guests can order groceries from red sun ’ s 24 - hour reception , or request for a doctor .
baan kuasakul resort is a 15 - minute drive from nathon pier and a 30 - minute drive from samui international airport .
the property offers an number of bicycles that guests can use free of charge .
the property also offers grocery delivery .
oviedo cathedral and the asturias museum of fine art are within 500 metres of the hotel .
pachino is a 15 - minute drive away , and siracusa is a 40 - minute drive away .
the property is 1 . 7 km from the cité universitaire and 2 km from the montparnasse cemetery . port - royal and the luxembourg gardens are also 2 km away .
the nearest ski lift is 1 km away .
the guest house provides free private parking .
hotel swapna international is located in mumbai , 1 . 3 km from girgaum chowpatty beach .
located in the city centre of saint petersburg , just a 5 - minute walk from nevsky prospekt , in hostel features air - conditioned rooms , a shared kitchen and free wi - fi . the neva river embankment is a 15 - minute walk away .
the nearest airport is nikola tesla airport , 97 km from the property .
taipei airport is 10 minutes ' drive away .
it offers a day spa , kids ’ club and 24 - hour concierge services .
pula airport is located at a distance of 29 km .
each apartment has a kitchen equipped with dishwasher and fridge , and a private bathroom with shower and hairdryer .
bathrooms are shared at rocknroll .
the apartment at the alpenblick also comes with a terrace , providing beautiful views of the schladming ski area , a well - equipped kitchen and a living area with a sofa and a tv .
the guest house is located in the centre of san josé where there are shops and restaurants .
hotel la chapelle saint martin is located in a large park and welcomes you in an elegant country house .
each comes with cable tv and wardrobe .
each well - appointed unit is fitted with a flat - screen satellite tv , dvd player , minibar and microwave .
free private , on - site parking is provided .
the accommodation is fitted with a kitchen where guests can use a microwave , an oven and a refrigerator .
the hoshiarpur railway station is 2 km while the sri guru ram dass jee international airport is 120 km .
offering an indoor pool , this hotel is 35 minutes ’ drive from alamosa national wildlife refuge . free wi - fi access is available .
you can play table tennis at this hotel , and the area is popular for hiking .
nomera na nevskom is located in saint petersburg , within a 5 - minute walk of ploshchad vosstaniya metro station and moskovsky train station .
the property has 2 family rooms with antique - style furniture , garden views and a seating area .
some rooms include a private bathroom with shower .
trieste harbour is 2 . 8 km from b & b bidermaier , while faro della vittoria is 3 . 4 km from the property .
the kitchen is equipped with a microwave , kettle and a coffee machine .
guests benefit from balcony .
gasthof traube serves traditional dishes at the on - site restaurant , and a buffet - breakfast is available daily .
the city of querétaro can be reached in 2 hours and 30 minutes by car .
a daily american breakfast is included .
villa verdemare is 450 metres from the local beaches of giardini naxos .
guests can explore the surrounding area which offers bird watching , canoeing and deep sea fishing .
located in pattaya , markland beachfront by mypattayastay offers an outdoor pool and a fitness centre .
recreational activities include diving , kayaking and night fishing .
offering studios and apartments , all have a private balcony , and share hotel daina ’ s facilities next door , such as the outdoor pool on the beach .
tuileries garden is 1 . 5 km from appartment rue du cherche - midi , while notre dame cathedral is 1 . 7 km away .
the bathroom comes with a shower .
the rooms have a flat - screen tv .
this self - catering accommodation features free wi - fi .
private bathrooms have a shower and towels .
it offers a hot tub , an outdoor pool and self - catering apartments with a modern - style décor and free wi - fi .
parking on - site is free .
located just steps away from the sea , apartments rora offers self - catering accommodation in rogoznica . free wifi access is available .
car rental services can be provided and free on - site parking is possible .
bed linen and towels are provided .
there is free on - site parking at the property .
cardiff airport is 87 km away .
petitenget temple is 800 metres from villa kayan , while seminyak beach is 1 km from the property .
all bedrooms feature an extra - large double bed , and the bathrooms come with a bath , shower , hairdryer , and free toiletries .
featuring a private outdoor swimming pool with sun loungers , casa andalucia is located in benajarafe . this property offers terraces , garden , and air - conditioned apartments and studios with free wifi .
on - site parking is included at no extra cost .
there is also a kitchen in some of the units , equipped with an oven and a fridge , while others feature a kitchenette .
the hotel offers free wi - fi in the entire hotel .
the apartment and room both have wrought iron beds .
many activities can be enjoyed in the surroundings including cycling , hiking and skiing .
the kitchen includes a fridge , coffee maker , oven kettle and hob .
the nearest airport is julius nyerere international airport , 20 km from the property .
other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage . the property offers free parking .
the private bathroom comes with a hairdryer and amenities .
the kitchen has all the appliances to prepare meals and there are barbecue facilities outdoors , in addition to a 6 - seater dining table .
the two - bedroom accommodation will provide a cable tv , free wifi and a ghetto blaster .
a rich buffet breakfast at the hotel reingard is available for an additional charge .
nikola tesla airport is located 14 km away .
the kitchen features a dishwasher .
guests at hotel & spa rosenburg can enjoy a daily breakfast buffet in the breakfast room or in the garden terrace overlooking the pond .
the beaches of simos and panagia are a 5 - minute drive away .
central kansas city can be reached in 1 hours ’ drive .
fitted with a fireplace , this air - conditioned and split - level , 3 - bedroom villa of princess opens to a furnished balcony and a terrace .
megaplaza shopping mall is 1 . 5 km away .
it features free wi - fi , 3 outdoor pools and free shuttles to ancol and mangga dua .
a taylor - made breakfast , that needs to be confirmed beforehand , is provided .
it features a mountain - view balcony , a garden with barbecue facilities and free parking .
fontanarossa airport is 49 km away .
guests of this hotel have easy access to a variety of dining options including hilltop restaurant and mulligan ' s irish pub each just 1 mile away .
free wifi access is available in this farm stay .
laundry facilities are also available .
some rooms also offer a spa bath .
it offers an outdoor pool and modern service apartments with free wi - fi .
decorated in a rustic style , the bright rooms feature exposed stone walls and wooden beamed ceilings .
villa långbers has received guests since the 1930s .
the popular town of tiberias is 30 km from the property , while mount tabor is less than a 45 - minute drive away .
attractions like connaught place , birla temple , red fort and india gate are within 5 km from the property .
ideally situated right next to the ski slopes of schischaukel großarl / dorfgastein , the oberkronbichlhof offers self - catering accommodation just a 5 - minute stroll from the centre of grossarl .
every room at norilchanka is decorated in a classic style and has a fridge .
moroccan specialities can also be served in the dining room if you reserve in advance .
this 19th century walk - up townhouse is located in the chelsea district and a 5 - minute walk from greenwich village .
the pierce arrow theater and shoji tabuchi theater are nearby the hotel .
towels and bed linen are featured in this self - catering accommodation .
the petit is only a 10 - minute walk from the parque cívico park .
they also include a kitchenette with a fridge and an oven .
each air - conditioned apartment includes free wi - fi and kitchen facilities .
bed linen is available .
among these amenities , suites plaza del rio features room service , towel hire , car rental , baby sitting and a tour desk .
free private parking is available on site .
a supermarket , restaurant and pizzeria are located a short walk from the majori residence .
each room has a private bathroom with a bath , shower and free toiletries .
opening january 2014 , these self - catering apartments are within 5 minutes ’ walk of central turku and less than 4 km from turku harbour .
miami international airport is 21 km away .
girona metro station is 200 metres from the property and las ramblas and the gothic quarter are both within 10 minutes ’ on foot .
villa tolleric is a villa situated in badia blava , 19 km from palma de mallorca .
the restaurant in 11 howard is a french restaurant built and envisioned in association with famous restaurateur stephan starr .
built in 1735 , the hotel has a picturesque garden and extensive lawns down to the riverbank .
parking is free at the mercure hotel airport münchen aufkirchen , and munich city centre is just a 35 - minute drive away .
myros apartments is located 800 metres from the centre of tigaki , where guests will find a variety of taverns , bars and shops .
it provides a fully equipped apartment with a furnished balcony .
the holiday inn express & suites orlando east - ucf area is 15 minutes ’ drive from orlando city centre .
all include a stylish bathroom with toiletry set .
the hotel has a spa with a wide range of treatments available , for an extra charge .
it is a 5 - minute walk from bukit bintang shopping and dining district .
each offers a work desk and a lounge chair as well as cable tv with hbo .
tombs of the kings is 1 . 6 km from vangelos apartments , while kings avenue mall is 1 . 9 km away .
killarney station is 15 minutes ’ walk away , and the beautiful lakes of killarney are a 10 - minute drive away .
apartments at papa luna 3000 have 1 or 2 double bedrooms and a double sofa bed , as well as a private terrace .
residence laluvia offers bed and breakfast accommodation with a private terrace with teak furniture .
rooms for guests with reduced mobility are available .
the suite also has a seating area .
towels and bed linen are available at svetlana apartment on estonskaya 37 .
it offers free wi - fi and classically furnished rooms with a tv and private bathroom .
cross - country skiing trails are 1 . 5 km away .
hazrat shahjalal international airport is 10 km away and kamlapur railway station is 2 km away from the property .
the pod karlovem tram station is a 5 - minute walk away and provides connection to the city centre .
there is an on - site restaurant and 24 - hour room service is available at hotel mirador
there is also a kitchen , equipped with a fridge and stovetop .
the large komsomolsky avenue is just 300 metres away , and offers many shops and restaurants .
the nearest airport is avignon - provence airport , 65 km from hotel galilee .
the accommodation provides a tv , a terrace and a seating area .
the wuhan international conference and exhibition centre is 2 km away .
each morning the makarim serves a buffet breakfast with pastries and hot tea .
this family run victorian house is just 5 minutes ’ walk from the bustling town centre .
the inn is 7 km from salt lake , 7 . 3 km from marble palace , 3 . 8 km from dumdum metro station and 8 km from m g road metro station .
for convenience , the hotel provides a concierge service , a 24 - hour front desk , and laundry service .
featuring an outdoor pool , terrace and free wi - fi throughout , hotel tannerhof offers classic - style rooms with a balcony .
the 3 - star hotel restaurant les blés d ’ or is located in the village centre , opposite the chateau de cormatin .
offering closeness to nature , sidsjö hotell offers free wi - fi and individually decorated rooms with either shared or private bathroom facilities .
it features a terrace with panoramic views and a private beach with a parking lot on the shore of lake wolfgang .
isaakievskaya ploshchad bus stop and sadovaya metro station are 5 minutes ’ walk from hostel na kazanskoy , offering a direct link to moskovskiy train station .
free airport shuttle and free private parking are available .
the pippu yuyu offers free luggage and ski storage services , as well as safety deposit boxes .
private bathrooms come with hot / cold showers .
hacienda sant jordi is situated in a quiet urban area , 7 . 5 km from the town of sant jordi .
other facilities offered at the property include a business centre and meeting rooms .
in the apartments , savoy park hotel offers seating areas with sofa beds and balconies with scenic city views .
alicante is 46 km from casa mika el molinet .
italian cuisine and south african wines are served at hollow ’ s restaurant .
all rooms offer a balcony , a flat - screen satellite tv and a minibar .
the silvretta all inclusive card is included in all rates during summer season .
a range of bars and traditional mallorcan restaurants are 5 minutes ’ walk from villa cranc .
the accommodation will provide you with a tv and a patio .
the hotel hirsch ' s restaurant offers regional and international food . a variety of fine wines are also available here .
all rooms have a flat - screen satellite tv and a private bathroom with toiletries and a hairdryer , as well as a bathrobe and slippers .
free wifi is offered throughout the property .
the rich breakfast buffet , which can be booked on site , includes an organic corner , egg dishes , and a large choice of bread , sausages and cheeses , while on request , fresh bread rolls also can be delivered every morning to the apartments .
plasencia has easy access to the a66 motorway , which connects guests to cáceres in an hour . sierra de gredos national park is 40 km away .
each room at this guest house is air - conditioned and features a flat - screen tv .
bandung international airport is about 2 hours ’ drive away .
the surrounding area offers a number of activities and the hotel provides tourist information .
hotel times ’ budget provides an elevator for convenience .
berliner hof is a 1 - minute walk from trams and a 3 - minute walk from oberbilker markt underground station .
centrally located in oslo , this hotel is 2 minutes ’ walk from the shopping street , karl johans gate and 10 minutes ' walk from oslo central station .
guests can rejuvenate with a workout at the well - equipped fitness centre .
porto vecchio port is 30 km from the property and figari airport is 47 km away .
each air - conditioned room comes with a flat - screen cable tv , an electric kettle and a work desk .
apartment on sibirskaya offers accommodation in novyy urengoy .
the centre of golden sands is set a 15 - minute walk away .
bars and restaurants , and other leisure options such as mini mundo park , rita bier and fantástica fabrica are within 600 metres of pousada do lago .
maldives seashine is a guesthouse with modern and air - conditioned rooms offering free wifi .
palms merimbula offers guests a free airport shuttle and free parking .
greentree inn nanjing software valley sanjiang university express hotel is a 15 - minute drive from confucius temple and xinjiekou . nanjing railway station is a 25 - minute drive away , while lukou international airport is a 32 - minute drive away .
room service is offered as an added guest convenience .
it is also possible to use the pension ' s free bikes to discover the surroundings .
all rooms provide satellite tv , a seating area and a tea / coffee maker .
located in somme - leuze , the transparent bubbles of holiday home le pré en bulles offer the unique experience of sleeping in the middle of nature .
some rooms feature a seating area where you can relax . you will find a kettle in the room .
boasting wonderful scenic views of the mountain slopes , the story of hotel mramor is in a peaceful and quiet area offering a good night ’ s sleep .
fully furnished apartments with private balconies and views of the hills can be enjoyed in santiago .
the en suite bathroom includes a bath , hairdryer and free toiletries .
guests can relax on the spacious , sunny terrace or in the sauna .
guests are welcome to enjoy numerous activities free of charge , including tennis and badminton courts , as well as a football pitch .
there is also a kitchenette , fitted with a microwave and fridge .
a gym , a sauna and a solarium are also at guests ’ disposal at an extra charge .
a continental breakfast is served each morning at villa chems hamra .
the double room comes with a tv , electric kettle , and refrigerator .
a tv is provided .
located in the heart of the beautiful heritage town of lismore , it also offers free wi - fi access to all guests .
the hollywood economy inn also provides guests with a variety of thoughtful amenities , including wireless internet access .
at hotel starlight inn you will find a 24 - hour front desk .
breakfast is provided each morning while 2 restaurants in the main hotel building offer local thuringian and international cuisine .
it offers comfortable , air - conditioned rooms with free wired internet and satellite tv .
located in piesendorf - walchen , right next to a ski lift , ferienhof beim naglbauer offers free wifi , a garden with a sun terrace , a wellness area and a restaurant with a bar . free parking spaces are available on site .
the unesco - protected town of alberobello is 6 . 5 km away , and it is a 30 - minute drive to the beach at monopoli .
free wifi access is available .
anastasia apartments 2 is 3 km from uzhgorod train station and uzhgorod airport .
it offers a sauna , children ’ s playground and daily breakfast at the restaurant .
des artistes is just 5 minutes ’ walk from estació del nord bus station and arc de triomf .
at villa canuta you will find a garden , barbecue facilities and a terrace . the property offers free parking .
chalet le crepet is a lodge located in morzine overlooking the ski slopes and a 5 - minute walk from the ski resort ' s centre .
each studio comes with a flat - screen tv , a seating area and a desk .
terres rouges lodge is a nature resort in banlung , ratanakiri city .
opening to a furnished balcony , the cycladic suites and rooms come with a satellite , flat - screen tv and air conditioning .
room service is available only for limited hours .
get some fresh air and take in the beautiful natural surroundings , perfect for trekking , horse - riding and even skiing at nearby navacerrada and valdesquí ski stations .
free parking is available at studia on pobedi 64 .
there is a seating and / or dining area in some units .
the bathroom comes with a shower .
guests can count on 24 - hour front desk assistance and book tours at the onsite tour desk .
deluxe apartment am schloßberg offers pet - friendly accommodation in freiburg im breisgau .
muri beach resort guests enjoy free use of kayaks , snorkelling gear and reef shoes .
there is free parking on site .
guests will find restaurants , bars and shops within 30 metres from the property .
boasting an outdoor swimming pool and a garden with bbq facilities , villaggio camping blu offers self - catering apartments on the seafront 4 km from senigallia .
the centre of taormina is a 20 - minute drive from bivani in naxos .
the hotel stays open all night so you can leave and return as you like .
the nearest airport is krasnodar international airport , 63 km from the property .
the en suite bathroom is complete with free toiletries .
a bike storage area is also available upon request at an extra charge .
a cable tv , desk , and coffee - making facilities are provided in every room at this rocky mount country inn and suites by carlson .
the vibrant life of baška with its numerous cafés , restaurants and bars , as well as the nearest beach , is 2 . 5 km away .
the famous berthillon ice cream shops can be found within walking distance .
other facilities include luggage storage , laundry service and free parking space .
active guests can also rent boats and bikes from the hotel .
house katia is located in kálamos and offers self - catering accommodation .
the alte rheinmühle features a nice riverside terrace .
the gradska kefeana restaurant serves international and macedonian dishes as well as sea food specialities .
this stylish apartment is within 40 minutes ' drive from manchester and 30 minutes ’ drive from leeds .
jackson lake is 111 km from longhorn ranch lodge & rv resort .
scarlet restaurant serves indonesian and asian cuisines at the hotel .
free private parking is available at the hotel bachwiesen .
villa belrose is located on the hills of the côte d ’ azur , just a 5 - minute drive from saint tropez and offers panoramic views of the bay and the french riviera ’ s coastline .
various family rooms offer spacious , separate rooms .
enjoying garden views , elegant rooms are decorated in brown tones .
zolitude flat offers pet - friendly accommodation in rīga . guests benefit from balcony .
at studio copacabana c025 you will find a 24 - hour reception . other facilities like luggage storage and a washing machine are offered .
tiong nam hotel is located in johor bahru ’ s masai district , a 5 - minute walk from shopping at kip mart masai .
set in miramare di rimini , these self - catering apartments feature a balcony and free wi - fi . the beach is a few steps away .
the moscovsky ii hotel is an attractive and cheap option in this expensive city .
experience a truly unique setting by the coast of fethiye .
free parking is available at haven inn of chico .
there is a full kitchen with a stovetop , an oven and a refrigerator .
the property offers free parking .
stanford university is 14 km away .
an array of activities can be enjoyed in the surroundings , including hiking .
appartement maghreb el arabi is a self - catering accommodation located in rabat .
odina is a picturesque farmhouse in the tuscan countryside , 10 km outside loro ciuffenna .
it is 100 metres from the banks of kizilirmak river and offers authentic accommodation with modern amenities .
some units include air conditioning .
it also provides guests with a business center and meeting room .
nearby there is a public parking at a surcharge , as well as different bus stops . upon request and at a surcharge transfer services can be arranged .
the rooms feature a flat - screen tv and have a shower cubicle and a wash basin in the corner .
the parador de baiona serves tasty , typical galician cuisine , including seafood .
helsinki central station is about 15 minutes ’ walk away while hietaniemi beach is 1 km away .
the cosy bar offers real local ales and snacks , and cooked or continental breakfasts are also available .
room service and tourist information can be provided on request , while laundry and transportation are offered at an extra cost .
a free shuttle service is provided to / from monopoli train station , while a transfer to / from the airports of bari and brindisi is available upon request .
this 3 - star hotel lies on the outskirts of tiefenstein , a 10 - minute drive from idar - oberstein .
wi - fi is available free of charge .
this hotel is 20 minutes south of nashville in historic franklin , tn .
the bus stop is 50 metres away and the motta naluns ski area is 1 km away .
some have views over the sea .
take advantage of the on - site fitness facilities or relax after a long day in the outdoor pool .
it features the large aquarena spa area and an indoor pool .
situated at the foot of table mountain , mountain magic garden is only 10 minutes away from cape town ' s major attractions , including victoria and alfred waterfront .
laundry , dry cleaning and ironing services are offered upon request .
set next to lake doyran , apartments maja is located in star dojran and offers self - catering accommodation with a lake - view balcony and free wifi access .
all units feature a kitchen fitted with an oven and fridge .
at an altitude of 1450 metres , the hotel is 10 km from the botanical gardens at alpino and a 35 - minute drive from stresa on the shores of lake maggiore .
the apartments are a 1 - minute walk from each other .
each room at la isla hospedaje will provide you with a tv and cable channels .
the nearest airport is pulkovo airport , 14 km from the property .
bed linen and towels are provided , and a washing machine is available .
free on - site parking is provided .
l ’ atrium restaurant serves an international buffet breakfast and a french a la carte menu .
cultural center , huaihai road and tian zi fang are all within close walking distance .
this ecuadorian kiwi hostel mompiche is located on the pacific coast within view of the mache - chindul ecological reserve .
oasis scaleta hotel features a swimming pool with individual baby pool and complimentary sun beds and umbrellas .
the property offers free parking .
the accommodation provides a tv and air conditioning .
there is also a sauna and a barrel shower as well as a relaxation room located on site .
free private parking is available on site .
located 2 . 1 km from pishchalausky castle , apartment kaskad offers accommodation in minsk . the apartment is 2 . 2 km from national exhibition centre belexpo .
each room has a balcony , many overlooking the valley and texel mountain group .
terracity shoppping mall is within 15 km .
each room here will provide you with a tv , air conditioning and a balcony .
there is a common kitchenette accessible for all guests , and there is a designated barbecue area on site .
the living room comes with a flat - screen tv , and a log fire is available during winter .
croissants , jams and fruit juices are served at breakfast , which can be enjoyed in the breakfast room or out on the terrace .
the property offers access facilities to the physically challenged .
wi - fi is available throughout the property .
the centre of alghero is a 3 - minute drive away .
the bank of america stadium , home to the carolina panthers football team , is 5 . 4 km from the motel 6 charlotte nc .
parking is free .
free wireless internet is available in the bar and lounge .
a tv is provided in each room at armstrong inn .
with free wi - fi throughout , it is just 20 minutes ’ walk from dog ’ s bay beach .
each room has a private bathroom with a bathtub or shower .
ideally located just a 2 - minute walk from jr toyama station , business hotel tateyama offers simple accommodation .
situated on the seafront of a beautiful bay , altınorfoz hotel has a sun terrace with direct access to the sea .
there are also nightly shows , as well as children ’ s activity programme .
guests can reach the cable car , the heated public pools , a tennis court , and ski and bicycle rentals within a 5 - minute walk .
a washing machine can be used on site and daily room cleaning can be arranged at a surcharge .
all bedrooms have orthopaedic mattresses .
hotel la perla d ' olot is an official information point for garrotxa volcanic zone nature reserve , and montsacopa volcano is 2 km away .
la niña is set in four attractive buildings from the early 20th century . their colourful façades and architecture are typical of sitges .
a general store , as well as a local restaurant and lounge are within 5 minutes ’ walk of the motel .
the lounge bar is open late in the evening and includes an outdoor terrace with tables and sofas .
naples international airport can be reached in approximately a 1 . 5 hours ' drive .
free wifi is offered throughout the property and free private parking is available on site .
you can cook here , and enjoy your meals in the dining area .
the spacious rooms at this property boast bright décor and come equipped with a king - size bed and a private bathroom with a shower and free toiletries . they have a private terrace with a hammock .
offering a garden with bbq facilities , melnitsa mini hotel is located in gagra , a 12 - minute walk to the coast of the black sea .
the accommodation features a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
manchester grand hyatt san diego is located in a great location nearby many local attractions .
the resort is 5 miles from grand casino and convention center and 20 miles from liberty land amusement park . the elvis presley estate , graceland mansion , is 20 miles away .
breakfast is buffet style , while italian cuisine is available at dinner in the restaurant overlooking the adriatic sea .
cicada market hua hin is 2 . 7 km away .
a seating area and a spacious bathroom with a shower are also included .
moskovsky train station is 10 km away , and pulkovo international airport is 26 km from the hotel .
the property offers free parking at a location nearby .
the nearest airport is samui airport , 15 km from villa charlotte .
guests can rent a bike to explore the area or go fishing in the pollock creek .
at casa amable you will find barbecue facilities and free parking .
the hotel ’ s main restaurant serves breakfast , lunch and dinner in buffet style with special tastes from local and international cuisines , such as chinese , mexican and italian .
guests can prepare meals and snacks in the fully equipped kitchen , which includes a coffee machine .
rooms include a private bathroom equipped with a bidet .
hot breakfast is available at extra cost .
porto lignano is 5 km away .
laundry services are available for an extra fee .
other dishes include cold meats , cereal , jam and a selection of hot and cold drinks .
each room coffee - making facilities and an en suite bathroom at blue pine motel panguitch .
free services offered at juraku hotel inclues luggage storage at the 24 - hour front desk and newspapers .
free wifi is available .
the free ski bus stop is just 30 metres away .
gamla stan and slussen metro stations are 5 minutes ’ walk away .
the nest boutique hostel offers accommodation in galway .
towels are featured .
it offers japanese / western breakfast sets , massages and modern rooms with free wired internet and a 40 - inch lcd tv .
the à la carte restaurant of medd garden hotel offers unique tastes of turkish and international cuisine , and black sea region .
the hotel has an ideal setting , within 5 minutes ’ walk of oviedo cathedral and the city ’ s famous holy chamber , a unesco world heritage site .
usadba zolotaya gorka holiday home has a terrace with bbq facilities .
within a 10 - minute walk you can reach the centre of bansko .
featuring a free outdoor pool and a garden with free bbq , hotel bisanzio is in a peaceful and green area of rossano .
the nearest airport is astana international airport , 12 km from the property .
at cabañas el conde de niebla guests will find a garden , a communal terrace and a snack bar .
access to fax services is also available .
the hotel has swimming pools for adults and children , as well as an outdoor hot tub .
the nearby a7 motorway quickly carries you to attractions throughout the region .
set in pushchino in the moscow region region , this detached holiday home features a garden with a barbecue .
the wine route tour is 25 km from casita las rosas & spa and the tijuana international airport is 1 hour and 20 minutes ' drive away .
zemborzyce train station is 7 km away .
offering a barbecue and views of the mountain , guest house on pridneprovskaya is set in smolensk .
at villa la estancia you will find a garden and a terrace . other facilities like a shared lounge are offered .
there is a restaurant on site , as well as a barbecue in the garden .
buffet breakfast is served every morning , and six inn hotel also features a bar .
the rooms at the kwatery sopot come with a private or shared bathroom and a tv .
rooms come with a shared bathroom .
guests at apartamento guarujá can take in the ocean view from the balcony .
situated in mezmay in the krasnodar krai region , 47 km from maykop , mini - hotel lesnaya polyana boasts a barbecue and views of the mountain .
at solhabitat villa maroa you will find a garden with barbecue facilities and sun loungers .
wireless internet is available in the entire hotel free of charge .
all apartments offer wifi access and some also include a private balcony .
a launderette and free parking are offered as well .
large bathrooms have a bathtub with overhead shower and toiletries .
this holiday home is 87 km from moi international airport .
additional personalised services including a maid service , guided tours and a personal shopper can be organised for an additional cost .
the town of bolsena is located 1 . 5 km from the property .
both have access to a bathroom with bath and a hairdryer .
there is a local shuttle bus service which you can take to the cliffs .
there is a private bathroom with a bath .
located right on the shore of lake presseggersee , seeappartements presseggersee - süd offers a private beach area and a tennis court , and free wifi .
guests can choose between a full english breakfast and a continental breakfast each morning .
the bathroom facilities are shared , while extras include bed linen and towels .
pulkovo airport is 24 km away .
upon reservation , the property provides a free shuttle from fujisan station between 15 : 00 and 17 : 30 .
the hotel is 2 . 5 km from the emilio ibarra almada baseball stadium .
it offers apartments with free wi - fi , a fully - equipped kitchen and a balcony overlooking the surrounding area and the mountain .
the chinese restaurant serves a wide range of xiang and cantonese dishes .
ibis rooms have modern wood furnishings and are decorated in neutral colours .
all units feature air - conditioning , a flat - screen tv and a wardrobe .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling , hiking and mini golf .
guesthouse rike per has green fee arrangements which each course , so teeing off has never been easier !
all guest rooms feature a view , an en suite bathroom with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
guests can store their belongings in the safety deposit boxes at the front desk , while free parking space is provided for guests who drive .
free private parking is possible on site .
all rooms offer a flat - screen tv .
guests can cook in the kitchen equipped with a microwave , stove , oven , kettle and fridge .
complete with a dishwasher , the kitchen also has an oven and a refrigerator .
various restaurants are within 1 . 6 km of b & b flowerzzz .
each features a seating area and a well - equipped kitchen with stove and fridge .
every room has a shared bathroom .
cable tv , a private bathroom with shower and heating are standard for all units at the family - run markony hotel . each also features a seating area with sofa .
the hotel has 3 restaurants , including an oriental restaurant , all offering buffet meals .
mangrove forest is a 15 - minute walk away , while the nearest snorkelling point is a 10 - minute walk away .
rethymnon town lies within 6 km from bell ’ elen apartments , while chania town is 65 km away .
the property is a 7 - minute drive from huancavelica train station .
dorms have individual reading lights and lockers , while private rooms offer landscape views .
offering a buffet restaurant , starway hotel rugao haiyang south road is located in rugao .
one level down , the restaurant overlooks the valley and the pool , surrounded by the green gardens .
free wi - fi access is available .
the bright rooms at saarland hotel - restaurant milano come with a seating , a desk and a tv . a hairdryer is provided in the en suite bathroom .
daily breakfast service is available .
the beaches of fontane bianche and arenella are both 5 minutes away by car .
puri prima is 30 minutes ’ drive from candidasa and is 2 . 5 hours ’ drive from ngurah rai international airport .
villa donna bed & breakfast features free wifi .
nearby attractions include the egyptian obelisk and the roman hippodrome , both 650 metres away .
ndk is 1 . 1 km from gaidarski apartment , while boris garden is 2 . 1 km from the property .
the sonnenstern is ideal for exploring the hiking and cycling routes of the nationalpark berchtesgaden reserve .
some units have a terrace and / or patio . each unit is fitted with a private bathroom .
a complimentary van service is offered to airport plaza shopping centre and to the long island railroad station .
private parking spaces are available on site free of charge .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
free parking is available on site .
santa maria maggiore basilica is 400 metres away .
o cabazo ' s restaurant serves local cuisine .
a microwave and refrigerator are also provided in the guest rooms for added convenience .
it also offers free private parking .
free wi - fi access is available .
there is a cozy restaurant where the staff serves breakfasts daily .
each room is equipped with a flat - screen satellite tv , a fridge , an air humidifier / purifier and air conditioning .
you can also benefit from the fitness centre .
echo beach is 3 . 4 km from lasala villas .
the property is a 10 - minute drive from phetcharat hospital and a 45 - minute drive from khao kho .
there is a shared kitchen at the property .
furnas is 18 km from apartamentos da galé .
set in the historic centre of venice , venetian apartments boasts air - conditioned accommodation .
nauders ’ alpenhof pension - garni offers guests a small wellness area with a sauna , steam bath , relaxation room , an outdoor hot tub and an infrared cabin .
shops and bars can be easily found in the surrounds .
lake geneva and nyon are both an 8 - minute drive away .
set on a hillside with a garden overlooking lake maggiore , lo scoiattolo offers free parking , an outdoor pool and air - conditioned rooms in massino visconti .
every room is equipped with a private bathroom with a bath or a shower , with free toiletries provided .
oostende is 30 minutes by car .
chandan restaurant serves indian , chinese and tandoori specialities .
decorated with tiled floors and wooden fittings , apartments at hotel lagos al sur apart feature spacious seating areas with upholstered armchairs .
coimbra university is 1 km away , coimbra football stadium and the dolce vita shopping centre are 2 . 6 km away .
the docholliday house is a 10 minutes ' drive from the grapevine mills shopping centre and 4 . 4 kilometers from legoland discovery center .
valgrande pajares ski resort is 30 km from hostel albergue de columbiello .
other facilities offered include a children ' s playground and a laundry .
it is only a few kilometers away from the muscat international airport and easily accessible to the major parts of muscat .
valencia airport is 125 km from the property .
the bella vista beach hotel is 12km south of corfu town and 11 km from corfu airport .
rooms at hotel park hirosaki feature a simple yet comfortable setting .
rooms come with a private bathroom .
the property is 800 metres from the nordea concert hall and 900 metres from the estonian national opera in the centre of the city .
in 22 acres of grounds , the elegant boath house hotel lies on scotland ’ s moray coast amongst parkland , ornamental lakes and walled gardens .
certain units feature a seating area where you can relax .
each one provides a seating area with a flat - screen tv and a wardrobe . the bathroom includes a bathrobe and a hairdryer .
a laundry service is available and luggage storage is offered .
it is 8 . 8 km to pärnu .
just 500 metres from torquay ' s seafront and non - smoking throughout , this hotel is only 300 metres from the riviera conference centre .
the sauna is located on the banks of vatikuru pond and is the perfect spot to warm up before taking an invigorating plunge in an ice hole .
novosibirsk state circus is 2 . 6 km from apartment on voennaya , while novosibirsk zoo is 5 km away .
free on - site parking and around - the - clock front desk service is provided .
each unit is fitted with a private bathroom with a bath or shower and free toiletries .
guests can enjoy meals in the dining area in each apartment .
the mini - hotel is 450 metres from uralsky gosudarstvenny theatre , 600 metres from ploshchad 1905 goda metro station and 900 metres from sevastyanov ' s house .
set on each of the 2 floors , la pineta ’ s rooms feature a fully equipped bathroom with bath or shower and are fitted with natural wood furniture and parquet floors .
located in messina ’ s historic centre , grand hotel commercio is set in an early 19th - century building , 500 metres from messina station .
all rooms feature a balcony or a terrace .
pedele river , allowing for a nice swim in the summer , is 1 . 4 km away .
a hearty japanese breakfast is served at the dining room , while minamiya at 18 : 30 in the evening caters a traditional multi - course dinner with local , seasonal specialities .
located just 400 metres from the beach , the dream country residence apartment opens out onto a furnished balcony with views of the mediterranean sea .
in a tranquil location , the hillcroft provides stunning , themed boutique accommodation and free wi - fi .
at fleur de vie bungalows , guests may approach the friendly staff for assistance with luggage storage , currency exchange and laundry service .
just 100 metres from the lake balaton in szántód , granada medencés apartmanház features a free seasonal outdoor , as well as self - catered accommodation with a terrace and free wifi in all areas .
rooms are air conditioned and come with free wi - fi , a flat - screen tv and a private balcony .
situated in the centre of old town split next to the silver gate of diocletian ' s palace in split , the la porta is a 5 - minute walk to the bus and railway station .
a shuttle service is available at an extra charge to lisbon international airport , located a 30 - minute drive away .
this property features an on - site bar , a shared lounge , and a games room .
all accommodation at rey carlos offers views from the private terrace .
free wi - fi is available .
with simple accommodation and hammocks in its garden area , casa libélula is only 450 metres from jericoacoara beach and 390 metres from pôr do sol dune .
the sun grove villas are decorated in typical canarian colours of blue and white , with tiled floors and light wood furniture .
free wi - fi is accessible throughout the best western executive inn and a business centre is available for use .
ataturk airport is 18 km from baklava hotel .
it features a large terrace with loungers and views of the surrounding mountains .
it offers practical accommodation with free wi - fi .
other specialities available at landhaus fühldichwohl include wood - smoked ham , meat pie with apple and home - made apple brandy .
signal hill golf course is just 600 metres away from the majestic beach resort .
the bedrooms all have their own bathroom with a hairdryer .
guests park for free .
driftwood , on the tasmania coast , offers cottages and studios in tranquil seaside surroundings in and near dover .
some rooms have a seating area to relax in after a busy day .
calpe harbour is around 2 km away .
the seafront is a 3 - minute walk from the property .
all rooms and apartments have wooden floors and a private bathroom .
the closest airport is los angeles international airport , which is 32 . 7 km from the property .
christian francis ' sapphire suite penthouse 09 offers oceanfront views .
home to the swiss - belhotel mall on the 1st floor , swiss - belhotel harbour bay features luxurious rooms with city or pool views and free wi - fi .
in addition to flat - screen tv , each has a sofa , tea / coffee maker and a refrigerator .
the residence abbaye du cap also offers private parking and a patio with children ’ s playground equipment .
set less than a 10 - minute walk from darsena metro stop in genoa , appartamento in genova centro offers apartments with classic décor and free wifi .
the on - site restaurant serves local cuisine .
the two bathrooms come with a shower .
a flat - screen tv is featured .
the hotel houses a 30 - metre outdoor pool , a hot tub and a fitness centre .
erlebnis post - stadthotel mit eigenart ' s guests can enjoy culinary pleasures in the restaurant zellot am torbogen .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out minceta tower ( 12 km ) and onofrio ' s fountain ( 12 km ). dubrovnik airport is located 32 km away .
the rooms feature a working area , electric kettle , fridge and flat - screen tv with cable channels .
kuala lumpur international airport is 44 km away .
all air - conditioned rooms at the st .
in the hostería kelta , located in the province of santa cruz , patagonia , you will be able to contemplate a panoramic view of this beautiful city and of the lago argentino .
the hotel has an on - site tour desk .
each modern air - conditioned room here will provide you with a tv , seating area and a minibar . there is also a coffee machine .
this victorian guest house offers free wi - fi and home - cooked meals just 5 minutes ’ walk from stratford - upon - avon ’ s historic centre .
all air - conditioned rooms feature a tv and a private bathroom with a shower .
guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant .
situated in batumi , a 10 - minute walk from the black sea beach , premium residence offers a lounge area , free wifi and free private parking .
featuring a bar , cafe and free wi - fi , hostel egan is less than 5 minutes ’ walk from greek catholic cathedral .
the rotorua regional airport is about an hour ' s drive from the hotel .
the air - conditioned accommodation will provide you with a satellite tv and a dvd player . there is also a refrigerator .
other facilities offered at the property include a games room .
during winter , a free winter card is provided for guests , offering discounts on ski schools , ski equipment hire and sport centres .
harrods is a 20 - minute walk away .
palm bay resort palawan is 53 km from puerto princesa international airport , along a partly rough road with no cellphone signal .
free wifi is available in common areas .
a flat - screen tv with satellite channels is provided .
they prepare high - quality italian cuisine and lombardy specialities at breakfast , lunch and dinner .
ben gurion airport is 14 km away .
several other restaurants and cafés can also be found within a 5 - minute walk away .
the property provides shared bbq facilities and each apartment has its own private bathroom and laundry area .
the property offers free parking .
morning newspapers are provided daily and local travel tips are offered at the concierge desk .
the units at the lala come with a private bathroom with a shower and cable tv .
offering an outdoor pool , finca campestre santa fe de antioquia is located in santa fe de antioquia .
the bathroom comes with a shower and free toiletries .
imperiale luxury suites has air - conditioned apartments with elegant décor and satellite tv . they feature modern kitchen facilities with kitchen islands .
the open - air museum in rožnov pod radhoštěm is 16 km from the property .
villanyi apartman is 2 km from the matthias church & fisherman ' s bastion and 2 . 4 km from the chain bridge .
piarco airport is 2 km away .
flat - screen tvs are presented in all of the guest rooms at la santa .
with air conditioning , the apartment comes with parquet floors and a seating area with a sofa and flat - screen tv . the fully equipped kitchenette has a microwave and toaster .
a restaurant can be found just 70 metres from lovely apartment .
you can also enjoy the mountain views on the 400 m2 terrace .
a cable tv , microwave , and small refrigerator are provided in all rooms at the fairfield inn by marriott dothan .
all non - smoking rooms are air conditioned and includes bed linen and towels .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including fishing and massage treatments .
you will find a choice of shops and restaurants in the shopping arcade .
local eateries can be reached within a 10 - minute drive from the hotel .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer .
the a 48 motorway is also just 15 km from the hotel .
guests can also use the on - site barbecue facilities .
breakfast ingredients are provided .
moûtiers is 19 km away and chambéry - savoie airport is 104 km from the property .
hotel ciudad de vigo features classic décor and antique furniture .
other massages and beauty treatments are also available on request .
luggage storage , valet parking service and a currency exchange service is also available at fer hotel .
featuring a bath tub , private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer .
the rooms at the drei könige dom hotel feature satellite tv and a private bathroom with hairdryer and shower products .
this 4 - star resort on the island of pellworm is just 100 metres from the north sea coast .
the guestrooms offered by the property are all equipped with air conditioning and a flat - screen tv .
it offers self - catering accommodation with a garden and a furnished patio with a parasol and 2 sun loungers .
guests will enjoy free property - wide wi - fi and a 24 - hour reception throughout their stay .
it provides free wifi and a surrounding garden with outdoor seating and a playground .
this hotel in mönchengladbach offers an original design , free wired internet in all rooms , and gourmet food .
the guest house also offers car hire .
a cable car , with panoramic views of the elaphiti islands , is 3 . 5 km away .
this hotel is a 2 - minute drive from the honolulu zoo and a 4 - minute drive from waikiki shopping plaza shopping center .
duret is also ideally located for local transport links that lead to le louvre , place de la concorde and the marais district .
the kitchen is separate and fully equipped , including a microwave , and the bathroom is fitted with a shower .
a continental breakfast is served every morning .
adler - sochi international airport is 40 km away .
the cinque terre unesco heritage site is a 10 - minute train ride away from levanto train station .
en suite bathrooms offer a hairdryer , shower facilities and free toiletries .
the autobahn motel hösel ’ s reception is open 24 hours a day .
free wifi access is available .
it offers elegant rooms with free wi - fi , and has a free private parking .
the fully - equipped kitchen and dining area allows for self - catering .
saint tropez kit net is located in arraial do cabo , only 200 metres from praia do forno beach , and includes free wifi .
each one has a kitchenette with a hob .
this self - catering accommodation features free wifi .
rooms here will provide you with a tv , wardrobe and desk .
a well - equipped summer kitchen is at the guests ' disposal .
free wifi is available throughout the property .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including golfing .
each apartment has a kitchenette or kitchen with a microwave , refrigerator and tea and coffee maker .
ahmet efendi evi offers non - smoking rooms , a 24 - hour front desk and breakfast serving fresh bread , fruits and cheese .
the vincci selección rumaykiyya is built in a typical alpine style to match its mountainous surroundings .
occupying a prime riverfront location , green plaza offers elegant rooms with stunning views , flat - screen tvs and free wi - fi .
it offers free wi - fi .
menaggio is a 5 - minute drive away .
beauty treatments and massages are also available upon prior reservation .
there is also a sushi bar in the lobby and a garden terrace .
each has a private bathroom equipped with a hairdryer .
some units have a terrace and / or balcony with garden views .
free wifi is featured throughout the property .
guests can also take advantage of free bicycles .
breakfast is served monday to saturday from 06 : 30 to 10 : 00 and on sunday from 06 : 30 to 11 : 00 .
all of the rooms have a balcony .
the games room includes board games and there is a pool table for some entertaining moments .
camboinhas beach is only 10 metres away .
hongqiao airport is a 30 - minute drive from this property . pudong international airport is a 45 - minute drive away .
the property ' s décor features renovated old ceilings , traditional tiles and even some chandeliers .
it offers modern - style apartments with air conditioning and a balcony . free wi - fi is provided throughout the property .
staff are available 24 hours a day .
this holiday home is 56 km from billund airport .
each comes with a seating area and satellite tv , a fully equipped kitchen with a coffee machine and a bathroom with a bathtub .
guest may use 3 tennis courts beside the hotel , where tennis lessons are also available .
some rooms have a view of the countryside .
spaso - efimov monastery is a 2 - minute walk , and pozharskogo park is a 3 - minute walk away .
barbecue facilities are also available .
a work desk and slippers are featured in guests ’ rooms at the pristan hotel .
tapik beach park guest house is a 30 - minute boat ride from imorigui island .
only 200 metres from a sandy beach in peschici , in the gargano national park , ala marina features a garden with bbq facilities and a sun terrace . the property offers free wi - fi and free private parking .
the closest train station is in radstadt , 20 km away .
queens bay features a pool terrace offering panoramic sea and sunset views .
free parking is available on site .
extras include garden furniture and an open terrace .
free wi - fi access is available and the en suite bathrooms include a hairdryer and free toiletries .
the town of nymburk is within 10 km .
bairro alto , the city ' s famed bar area , is a 10 - minute walk , as are the shops and cafés of chiado . there is a stop of the famous tram 28 and city tours hop on hop off in front of the property .
the rooms at hotel carayon present cosy and functional spaces .
michendorf train station is a 12 - minute walk from the hotel , and provides connections berlin main station in 45 minutes .
as a part of sepetná relax centre set a 10 - minute walk away , the penzion sluníčko offers include outdoor swimming pools with water slides , tennis courts and a spa area with a sauna , a hot tub and a solarium .
at clair de lune you will find a bar . other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge .
the private bathroom comes with hairdryer , slippers and free toiletries .
this motel has a 24 - hour reception .
rafeleti rooms can arrange for car and bike rentals .
situated in a quite area of the tvrdosin town and 5 km from the orava water reservoir , drevenica elena offers a self - catered accommodation , a garden with an outdoor seating , barbecue facilities , ski storage and free private parking possible on site .
on request , an airport shuttle service can be organised .
baosting garden views , all rooms here are provided with a flat - screen satellite tv , air conditioning and a refrigerator .
the kitchen has a dishwasher .
there is a seating area , a dining area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher and an oven .
the simple and functional rooms here will provide you with a tv set , linens and a private bathroom featuring a shower .
this property is 3 km from curaçao sea aquarium and 13 km from hato international airport .
it offers modern self - catering accommodation , an outdoor pool , and a restaurant .
there is also a dining table .
the modern apartment spreads over 2 floors and comprises a spacious living room with a sofa bed and a large dining area , a kitchen with a dishwasher , an attic bedroom and a bathroom with a luxurious spa bath and a shower .
it offers spacious apartments with kitchenette . the property features free public parking .
florya evleri offers accommodation in hurmakoy .
private bathroom also comes with a shower .
the rooms feature wooden furniture and are decorated in warm colours .
room services are available .
the legoland theme park is a 5 - minute drive away .
a continental breakfast is served every morning .
the nearest airport is salt lake city international airport , 43 km from the property .
it has a swimming pool with sea views .
a generous breakfast is served daily in the coffee lounge and features english , vegetarian or continental options .
marconi bilocale is 5 minutes ’ drive from aquafollie waterpark .
each also includes a private bathroom with a shower .
the titina is a family - run bed and breakfast located on the 3rd floor of a modern residential building , only 150 meters from roma tiburtina train station .
there are several restaurants in the surrounding area .
all rooms have fans , a heater and a fridge .
two parking places are available on the plot .
iconic são jorge castle is just 550 metres ’ distance .
car and bike rental can be organised upon request .
after a long day on the ski slopes , guests can unwind in the on - site sauna area .
a business center is on site .
set on the coast of massa lubrense , locanda del capitano offers a seafront restaurant and views over the marina del cantone bay . parking is available here .
the podere dell ' anselmo ' s restaurant serves typical tuscan cuisine along with the farm ' s own wine produced on site .
the baden 18 - hole golf course is 250 meters away .
all units have a kitchenette equipped with a microwave and fridge .
the solaris aparthotel also has a terrace that can be used by all guests .
among others , it includes 3 massage rooms , 2 saunas , a hot tub and a health bar .
asturias airport is 110 km from the property .
elounda village is in a very close distance of 2 km and plaka village is situated in a distance of 2 . 5 km . airport and the port of heraklion are around 72 km .
air - conditioned rooms have large windows overlooking the woods , and they come with a living area with a sofa , and a dining area . all rooms are fitted with a tv , a fridge and complimentary tea , and some feature a skylight .
hotel paramount is a convenient 15 - minute walk from popular tourist attractions like the kedah house , one of the many luxurious mansions in this area .
you can choose to explore the local or international cuisine of the magellan à la carte restaurant , or make sure your needs are catered to with the on - demand , special diet menus .
there is a seating area and a kitchen equipped with a fridge .
the accommodation at villa santai seminyak provide guests with 2 air - conditioned bedrooms featuring a wardrobe , seating area , and an en suite bathroom with shower facility .
1st inn hotel shah alam provides affordable air - conditioned rooms with an lcd tv with satellite channels and a private bathroom and shower .
the property has a garden with a terrace , washing machine , and it also offers private parking .
this mediterranean - style hotel offers 3 restaurants , 5 bars and 2 outdoor swimming pools . guests can visit the spa , do a diving course or enjoy the sun on the seaside sundeck .
breakfast and half - board are available at discounted rates at 2 partner restaurants that are a 5 - minute walk away .
other facilities you can find at this property are a 24 - hour front desk , on - site restaurant and bar , and luggage storage .
other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities , a shared lounge and a games room .
the famous alexanderplatz square is 15 minutes away by city rail .
porto koukla rooms are spacious and have a balcony overlooking the pool or the hotel ’ s gardens . each comes with a satellite lcd tv , safety box and hairdryer .
all of them have private bathrooms .
a 5 - minute walk will take you to the old town of sozopol and sozopol bus station . amphitheatre apoloniya is set 600 metres away .
extras include a hairy dryer .
orio al serio international airport is 4 km from the property and a shuttle service can be requested at extra costs .
the hotel restaurant has been awarded 14 gault millau points .
hostal docar is located in the centre of lerma .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
a washing machine and an iron are available .
each room here will provide you with a satellite flat - screen tv , a docking station and pillow menu .
free wi - fi is available throughout .
familienhotel petschnighof features a small petting zoo and a children ’ s playground with a large trampoline .
the hotel offers accommodation in comfortably furnished suites , family rooms , double rooms with extra beds available , equipped with a bathroom , a toilet , satellite tv , a telephone and a balcony . with views .
lappeenranta city and its airport are 58 km away , and the russian border is only 30 minutes ’ drive from the hotel .
it is 200 metres from grand place tram station .
nestled on a bluff across from cowell ' s beach , this 3 - story victorian home is a restful bed and breakfast that offers unique guestrooms and thoughtful amenities just steps from the santa cruz beach and boardwalk .
restaurants serving traditional ukrainian meals and international cuisine are only a 5 - minute walk away .
situated 100 metres from the centre of haiming and 12 km from the hochötz ski area , christl ' s hof offers a garden with a chapel .
guests can enjoy simple european breakfast including toast , coffee and juice at the dining area .
the barbatone ranch is located only 200 metres from the apartments and the glavani adrenalin park is 2 km away .
shared bathrooms can be found in the hallway .
free wifi is offered throughout the property and free private parking is available on site .
the air - conditioned villa has a large porch furnished with a big table , chairs and sun loungers .
free wifi , free private parking and a breakfast buffet are featured at this hotel .
guests can enjoy an oceanfront outdoor swimming pool at maui condo and home by kihei surfside .
the a11 motorway is ideally located 10 km away and free public parking is provided at the property .
fitted with wooden floors , berlinlux apartments are bright and spacious and feature a separate living area .
the santa casa di loreto is a 30 - minute drive away .
guangzhou baiyun international airport is a 50 - minute drive away .
schwanden bei brienz and lake brienz are a 15 - minute drive away .
after a day spent exploring this fascinating city , guests can enjoy a french or franconian wine , or a home brewed beer .
guests can enjoy a meal at the on - site restaurant or a drink at the bar .
free parking is available on site .
tropical garden cunucu villas can provide information on things to see and do in aruba . the island is ideal for water sports , including windsurfing , diving and snorkelling .
guests can enjoy sunbathing on lokrum island , riding the cable car or strolling along the historic walls .
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge , luggage storage and laundry facilities .
standard ii is 5 minutes away by car from the american university of beirut . it ’ s also within 20 minutes ’ driving distance from beirut international airport .
the 5 - bedroom accommodation features a large living room with a seating area , a fireplace and a tv set .
basseynaya apart hotel offers studios and apartments in the centre of kiev , near khreschatyk street .
guests are offered a hairdryer and slippers .
the nearest airport is rijeka airport , 10 km from the property .
a number of outdoor activities can be enjoyed in the area , such as skiing and hiking .
the centre of varna is located 15 km away , offering a wide number of restaurants , bars , cafeterias and grocery shops .
there is a private bathroom with a bath .
the bed and breakfast is 1 km from the church of the savior on spilled blood and less than 2 km from palace square .
the local bus stand is 5 km away . the architectural marvel that is the city palace is 4 km from the property .
free wifi is featured throughout the property and free private parking is available on site .
the main bus station and ferry port are located 1 km away .
kinosaki marine world is a 10 - minute drive .
the farm stay offers rooms with a balcony and there is free wifi available throughout the property .
the homely guest rooms feature wooden floors , handmade furnishings and luxurious fabrics and carpets .
a bus stop next to the house rozić takes guests directly to dubrovnik ’ s historic quarter .
located in the heart of historic north beach san francisco , this intimate hotel creatively captures the area ’ s bohemian flair of the 1950 ’ s and 1960 ’ s .
the bathrooms are shared .
the town of corfu is 12 km away .
situated in the nozawa hot - spring area , mominoki features japanese - style accommodations with free wi - fi .
free public parking is available nearby .
in the centre of petrovac and along a seaside promenade guests can found various restaurants and bars .
a number of dining options is a short walk away .
guests can arrange activities such as swimming with dolphins 25 minutes ’ drive away and snorkelling , scuba diving and sport fishing .
rooms include a private bathroom with shower facility , towels and free toiletries .
it offers an on - site restaurant and free wi - fi throughout the building .
alicante airport is 61 km away .
it offers cosy rooms with a computer and free internet access . on - site parking is free .
sentosa , marina bay and popular shopping belt , orchard road is a 10 - minute drive away .
bettendorf castle is 3 km and national museum of military history is 7 minutes by car .
the apartment also offers a tv with a dvd player and a mini hi - fi system .
the bathroom and toilet facilities are shared .
views of prague can be taken delight from .
the hotel ’ s bar offers drinks and refreshments .
the camino de ronda walking path can be accessed from the property .
guest house " russkiy dvorik " also includes a sauna .
meals can be prepared in the apartment kitchenette , which includes a coffee machine .
a flat - screen tv is provided .
located 5 km from palais des festivals de cannes in cannes , this apartment features free wifi . guests benefit from terrace .
sports facilities include a fully equipped fitness centre , tennis and squash courts . a large outdoor pool and junior pool , surrounded by lavish gardens , make the venue truly unique .
free toiletries , bathrobes and a hairdryer are offered in the private marble bathroom .
seating and dining areas and a kitchen with stove , microwave , electric kettle and refrigerator are included .
guests at labourdonnais can enjoy meals at 3 on - site restaurants , or relax with refreshments at either of the 2 bars .
until 30 november 2016 , guests receive a 25 % discount on admission to the römerbad and st . kathrein thermal spas .
guests can make the most of the fitness centre and free bikes to explore the area .
other commodities include a fireplace , a tv / satellite channels , a dvd player and a hi - fi system / cd player .
a grocery shop is 50 metres from moncherie studio rooms , while the nearest green market is 500 metres away .
the belmore b & b features free wifi .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a bath and free toiletries .
the apartment is 3 . 5 km from lenin mausoleum .
ski storage is available on site .
breakfast includes fresh croissants and excellent cappuccino .
situated only a short walk from the beach , the sun is located in ko phayam .
the interior has basic furnishings .
a gym and spa are available .
alternatively , there are food courts around the hotel , as well as a famous restaurant serving asian , western and seafood dishes about 120 metres away .
a continental breakfast is available for an extra charge and includes pastries , pancakes , fruit , meat , cheese and omelettes .
the guest house can help organise excursions and visits of the area .
cars and motorbikes can be rented on site at discounted rates .
other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities , a shared lounge and a ticket service .
the apartments are fitted with wooden floors .
free wifi access is available in all rooms .
the private bathroom features a bath and a shower , and free toiletries .
the apartments offer air conditioning , a seating area and cable tv .
guests can enjoy a game of mini golf and table tennis during their stay .
rooms include flat - screen tvs , telephones and tea / coffee - making facilities .
each room also comes with a private bathroom with a shower and a hairdryer .
kolovare sandy beach can be reached in 600 metres .
cleggan is a 20 - minute drive away and from here you can catch a ferry to inisboffin island .
the property also offers grocery delivery .
nevsky prospekt and the city centre are an 8 - minute metro ride from the property .
the doubletree by hilton costa rica – puntarenas also offers free non - motorized water sports , clubs for kids and teenagers , daily activities and live entertainment every evening .
there is a dining area and a kitchenette complete with an oven and a microwave .
the full - service bar offers mimosas and other specialty beverages .
the guest house is 6 km from upington golf club and upington airport is 7 km away .
this holiday home is 60 km from kastrup airport .
the tulipano rosa is 30 km from terni .
there is a private bathroom with a hot tub .
simply furnished , cosy rooms come with a fan , clothes rack , a small desk and clean linens .
the kitchen has a dishwasher , an oven and a microwave and there is a private bathroom with free toiletries and a hairdryer .
the elegant on - site bar provides a good selection of wines and spirits .
the resort has an outdoor pool and boasts views of the sea . guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant or outside , by the swimming pool .
a disc golf course is located right opposite kullasmarina villas .
the a113 motorway can be reached in less than 5 minutes by car .
free wifi access is available in this homestay .
the restaurant is open for both lunch and dinner , and the beach café serves al fresco light meals .
these self - catering apartments are located 650 metres from canteleu metro station and less than a 10 - minute drive from the centre of lille .
set in the suburbs of the veneto region , mum ' s b & b is 7 . 5 km from the centre of vicenza .
the rooms offer contemporary décor , ironing facilities , minibar and a private bathrooms with shower and hairdryer .
duomo metro stop , set 280 metres away , offers direct connections with the expo 2015 exhibition centre .
a complimentary shuttle service is available in the winter .
services like laundry , cook and babysitting can be provided upon request , at an extra cost .
some have an independent kitchen , some have 2 bathrooms .
the units feature a bedroom , a tv , a kitchenette , and a bathroom fitted with a shower .
offering a sun terrace with a sofa and hot tub looking onto the mountains , casa el hornillo is set 10 minutes ’ drive from playa de mogán beach .
en suite bathrooms come with bathtub and hot shower facilities .
located by berlin – kostrzyn route motelik lord offers rooms with free wi - fi .
some rooms come with their own balcony .
superior rooms have a hydromassage shower as well as the spa bath .
the property is 8 . 5 km from saint lazarus church and 6 . 5 km from theofilos georgiadis park .
the property offers free parking .
ceria shopping mall is a 10 - minute walk from sireh hotel & apartment .
the deck condo patong also includes a fitness centre .
each air conditioned room at town centre hotel powell river will provide you with a cable tv . a refrigerator and a coffee machine are included .
a shared kitchen is available on site on request .
featuring an outdoor swimming pool and a tennis court , villa de paco is located in sever do vouga .
botafogo beach is 1 . 2 km from couto lauredo ap , while sugar loaf is 2 . 8 km from the property .
yusentei park is a 15 - minute drive away .
in addition , every room has satellite tv , a mini - fridge and a hairdryer .
each apartment has a terrace or balcony .
guests can enjoy the fabulous gold coast weather on the sun terrace .
there are also excellent walking and hiking opportunities around irinoula dreams and the friendly owners are happy to help you with any information you may need .
it offers self - catered accommodation and bike rental on request .
the rooms have a flat - screen tv . certain rooms have a seating area where you can relax .
each apartment will provide you with a living are with tv . there is a kitchen with microwave oven and coffee machine .
city of arts & sciences is 2 . 8 km from business travel and holidays apartments , while oceanografic is 3 . 4 km from the property .
it offers an on - site restaurant , free wifi , and free parking .
the prince rupert performing arts center and alaska ferry terminals are only a 5 - minute drive from the highliner plaza near prince rupert .
the hotel ’ s reception desk is open 24 hours a day and a lounge is available where guests can relax in the evening .
palacio del gobernador is about 2 . 9 km away , while ninoy aquino international airport is accessible with an 11 km drive .
bathroom comes with free toiletries , a hairdryer and a bathrobe .
guests staying at the mercure are welcome to use the free internet terminal in the lobby .
private on - site parking is available free of charge .
some have a balcony and views of the garden .
the property offers free parking .
for meals , local sri lankan and continental cuisines will be served at villa tangalle lagoon restaurant .
activities in the surrounding area include cycling .
en suite bathrooms include free toiletries , hairdryers and shower facilities .
beaches apartments are 10 minutes ' walk from the marina mirage shopping centre and restaurants along macrossan street .
you can enjoy a pool view and a garden view from the room .
sobornaya square and korpusniy garden are 550 meters away .
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower .
it features a balcony and free wi - fi access .
surrounded by gardens , it is located within the urdaibai biosphere reserve , a designated world heritage area .
at breakfast , you can enjoy a rich buffet that includes italian coffee , freshly baked croissants and local products .
all apartments come with air conditioning and a tv .
it offers en suite rooms , most of which boast sea views . all feature a tv and tea and coffee making facilities .
the restaurant , using local products , specialises in trentino dishes .
guest rooms include a 42 ” flat - screen cable tv and gourmet coffee machine .
a flat - screen tv with cable channels is available .
a common lounge with fireplace features satellite tv and a dvd player , a library is available .
shared kitchen facilities are available to guests .
the nearest airport is simferopol airport , 61 km from the property .
set in the historical centre of vallecorsa , b & b valle degli ulivi vallecorsa offers rustic - style rooms with wood - beamed ceilings and free wifi .
the nearest airport is split airport , 4 km from seascape apartments .
distance from the closest shopping opportunity is 3 , 8 km , restaurant - 7 , 6 km .
the dorival caymmi statue is 1 . 1 km away .
for your comfort , you will find free toiletries and a hair dryer .
the designer outlet parndorf is 15 km away , and mörbisch is 21 km away .
it offers soundproofed bedrooms with satellite tv . the hotel features a modern architecture with its marble , granite , stone and wood exteriors .
all air - conditioned apartments have a bathroom .
rooms are equipped with cable tv and a work desk .
a short walk from the saturday walking street , ratchiangsaen flora house offers accommodation in a colonial lanna - style building .
the rooms are equipped with a private bathroom fitted with a bath and bath or shower . for your comfort , you will find slippers and free toiletries .
towels and bed linen are available at undory holiday home .
in the garden , guests will find a heated outdoor swimming pool and a terrace . the property offers an apartment and cottages .
free wi - fi access is available .
there is a restaurant , and breakfast is provided .
prau ault is a chalet located in flims , next to the forest and in the ski and hiking area of the tschingelhörner mountain unesco world heritage site .
stylishly decorated , the spacious air - conditioned rooms at intercontinental have large double - glazed windows overlooking the city .
towels and bed linen are featured in this self - catering accommodation .
the unique boutique hotel experience continues on the terrace where guests can enjoy trendy gastronomic delicacies combined with innovative cocktail creations .
this property features a garden , a traditional restaurant and rustic - style rooms .
all rooms are equipped with a shared bathroom .
hotel sentral pudu is within a 20 - minute walk from pavillion mall and petaling street .
the beautifully decorated 2 - bedroom apartment will provide you with a tv , air conditioning and a balcony .
the modern en suite rooms are individually decorated , bright and spacious , with 2 ground floor rooms available .
liberia international airport is 1 hour ’ s drive away .
you can also relish delicious cuisine in the elegant setting of the on - site restaurant .
each one features warm , modern interiors and free wi - fi access .
a laptop , safe and washing machine are standard .
the property is about 17 km from both biella and ivrea , while aosta and turin can be reached by car in 1 hour .
breakfast can be served in the room .
burgas airport is 22 km from the property .
it has an outdoor pool and air - conditioned rooms with a satellite tv and balcony .
it features an outdoor swimming pool and a children ’ s playground .
the famous world heritage town of hallstatt is 15 km away .
located 500 metres from manuel montt subway station , newen kara hostel offers accommodations in santiago .
the hotel is 40 km away from marsa alam airport , and offers free private parking on site .
vasanta hostal boutique is set in a 20th century neo - classical building , 200 metres from urquinaona metro station .
along with the pool , the princeton hampton inn has a fitness room for guest use , 24 - hour front desk services and a business center .
hotel walter offers 2 free swimming pools , a free sauna , and free wi - fi in all public areas . set in its furnished garden , it features spacious rooms , and an extensive buffet - style breakfast .
arimo is a 5 - minute drive from pesaro train station .
guests can also reach restaurants and bars within a 2 - minute walk .
the property can organize horse riding upon request and against a surcharge .
each one is elegant and bright and boasts a kitchen with a refrigerator , stove and a coffee maker .
gran canal apartment offers accommodation in mestre , just 9 km from venice .
some rooms have views of the mountain or garden .
le petit chalet also offers free parking .
bicycle rental is available on site .
the hotel offers free parking .
the functional and comfortable rooms feature air conditioning and a full bathroom with a shower .
superior rooms feature a spa bath or a hot tub .
each apartment has a living room with a sofa and flat - screen tv . the kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher , oven and microwave .
every morning , guests can enjoy a hot breakfast featuring the jimmy dean ® breakfast sandwich .
extras include bed linen and cleaning products .
free newspapers are available at the reception .
choose from modern , neo - classic , ottoman , american and gothic . there is also a choice of sizes to accommodate your family , friends , or allow more space for your business needs .
rooms at the cadiz include a private bathroom equipped with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
the guest house has an outdoor pool and views of the pool , and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant or a drink at the bar .
free wifi is included in all traditionally decorated rooms at baymont inn and suites freeport .
casa rural valdeascas is located in navarredonda de gredos .
rooms are also air conditioned , and have a work desk and en suite bathroom with a hairdryer .
orlando international airport is 33 km from the property .
free wi - fi is available throughout .
free wifi and coffee are available to guests .
residence inn chattanooga provides daily housekeeping as well as a grocery shopping service .
free private parking is possible on site .
kids can also have fun in the games room and professional child care is available on request .
allariz is 44 km from hostal medievo , while manzaneda is 32 km from the property .
free wi - fi access is available in this holiday home .
free wifi access is available .
the air - conditioned rooms come with a seating area , satellite lcd tv and minibar .
private airport transfers are available for an extra cost .
the fitness area features exercise equipment by technogym .
each will provide you with a seating area , and most come with private bathrooms .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
some bars and restaurants can be found 100 metres away , while the nearest grocery store and a bakery are 800 metres from the apartment šojat .
inn adams is about 3 miles from adventureland theme park , and is 5 . 5 miles from highland oaks golf course .
luggage storage can be found at the 24 - hour front desk .
a washing machine and tumble dryer are available for your comfort during longer stays .
there is a direct train connection to vienna , while vienna airport is a 45 - minute drive away .
free wifi access is provided .
located on the popular nevsky prospekt , this non - smoking hotel in st petersburg offers rooms with a flat - screen tv and free wi - fi , varied breakfast buffets , and great underground connections .
room service is available upon request .
marbella is a 15 - minute drive from sea flower miraflores golf and beach .
a children ' s playground is also available .
it includes a bistro and butcher ' s on site .
breakfast is provided daily .
free parking is provided for drivers .
belite skali is 1 km from the property .
extras include bed linen .
private bathrooms also come with a shower .
all apartments include free wi - fi .
one of amsterdam ' s most famous markets is at albert cuyp .
this 4 - star hotel in neukirchen - vluyn is in the scenic lower rhine valley .
days inn hazelwood is 17 miles from busch stadium , home to the saint louis cardinals baseball team .
a shuttle service can be arranged on request at an additional fee .
pasikkudah resort is situated right next to the beach in kalkudah and features a garden with a terrace and barbecue facilities , as well as an on - site restaurant and a games room .
delano is 43 km from whispering meadows apartments .
each room at this hotel is air conditioned and features a flat - screen tv . some units have a seating area where you can relax .
the en suite bathroom comes with shower .
the family - run petit hotel is set in a traditional stone house in valldemossa and features a large sun terrace .
apache gold casino is 5 minutes ’ drive from the hotel .
pensjonat belona is located in dziwnów , within a 2 - minute walk from dziwna lagoon and the beach .
if you want to engage in some active leisure you can play tennis , crazy golf , beach volleyball or badminton or rent a bike .
the hitachitaga route - inn has a bright and comfortable lobby lounge , and it houses a launderette and drinks vending machines .
guests can enjoy free access to a spa centre .
an array of entertainment including a flat - screen satellite tv , a dvd and blu - ray players are offered .
u . s . embassy is 3 . 8 km from colombo guest , while asiri surgical hospital is 6 km away .
kiev city centre with khreshchatyk street is 10 minutes ' metro ride from absolut apartments on left bank of dnipro , and boryspil airport is 32 km away .
other facilities offered by the property include ski storage and free shuttle .
it accommodates up to five guests .
within 1 km shops can be found and within 2 km restaurants can be found .
it is 14 km from the port of samos .
a spacious outdoor swimming pool surrounded by palm trees , spa and gym facilities are offered in meta in an apartment - style complex with chic , modern décor .
you can find shops and bakeries in alaior , 2 km from finca llimpet . mahon offers sermarkets , restaurants and bars .
extra ' s include a washing machine with tumble dryer , garden furniture , a barbecue , a swing and a sandpit .
a tv is available .
guests can enjoy a variety of table games , or sports such as “ jorkyball ” football , volleyball , table tennis , pool - tables or playstation .
a buffet breakfast is available .
dubrovnik is 2 . 9 km from apartment anita , while cavtat is 10 km from the property .
guests can enjoy the on - site bar . free private parking is available on site .
the restaurant is reserved to guests and features a sea - view terrace .
tennis courts can be found within 1 km .
the resort offers an extensive play area for children .
it offers mountain views , in an area ideal for fishing , hiking and cycling .
this hotel enjoys a quiet and central location at the foot of the old town in marburg , steps from the river lahn .
holiday czech is 37 km from vaclav havel prague airport .
kahului international airport is 25 minutes ’ drive away .
the apartment will provide you with a tv , a balcony and a seating area .
rooms include a tv . each room has a shared bathroom and some are air conditioned .
the main town of argostoli is around 10 km away .
located 2 . 5 km from zion national park amid the red rock cliffs , this springdale hotel offers free wifi and rooms that feature a refrigerator and a work desk .
it features a restaurant with an inviting summer terrace .
a microwave and a refrigerator are featured in every room of this spartanburg hotel .
springhill suites grand forks features rooms with a 37 - inch lcd tv , and an outdoor terrace with fireplace is available .
this nebraska hotel features rooms with microwaves and refrigerators .
laundry and fax / photocopy services are available as well .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including fishing and hiking .
casadoria slowlife hotel offers basic yet comfortable accommodation , in harmony with the natural environment .
the property offers free parking and is 1 . 5 km from the bus station .
the apartment will provide you with a tv and a seating area . there is a fully equipped kitchen with a microwave and an oven . private bathroom also comes with a shower .
relaxation options include a garden with a terrace and barbecue facilities .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
viaduct between pereira and dosquebradas is 400 metres from hotel san fermin pereira , while cathedral of our lady of poverty is 500 metres away .
city comfort inn baiyun xinshi branch offers cosy , relaxing guestrooms . both free wifi and free parking are available here .
there is room service at the property .
piazza maggiore is 600 metres from residenza belle arti , while mambo is 1 . 2 km away .
piennarpää cottage is a detached holiday home with a terrace , located in kalmari .
it features a bar , 24 - hour reception desk and free wi - fi .
offering a terrace and views of the lake , guesthouse lunkasllari is set in pyullya .
in approximately 20 - minute drive by car is the congress centre , while by bus it will take around 35 minutes .
the nearest airport is tito minniti airport , 38 km from the property .
offering a barbecue and sun terrace , horizon bay tangalle is located in tangalle in the hambantota district region , 3 . 2 km from mulkirigala rock monastery . guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant .
a shared garden is available .
the centre of sofia is set 1 km away .
the residence can be accessed from the a7 ( exit avignon sud ) and private parking is free on site .
the centre of varna is 3 km away .
trips to the exotic isles of scilly can be taken from the heliport , which is just 7 minutes ’ drive from chiverton house .
all bungalows have an open plan lounge and kitchen area .
free wifi is featured and free private parking is available on site .
remitur offers free parking and is 15 km from iguazu airport .
all units include a kitchenette with fridge and an lcd tv . the bathroom comes with a shower and a hairdryer .
the on - site chinese restaurant serves local dishes , and the western restaurant serves a fine selection of buffet .
located on via del corso , rome ' s most popular shopping street , class house offers modern rooms with a minibar , lcd tv and free wi - fi .
dalaman airport is a 45 minutes ’ drive away .
villa fanadix offers an outdoor pool , an artificial lawn area and a barbecue .
featuring air conditioning , the property offers a tv with cable channel , a dvd player , as well as a kitchen and a dining area .
towels and bed linen are available in this apartment .
guests wishing to take in the picturesque scenery surrounding the landhaus plendl can enjoy a walk or rent a bike for free .
just 5 minutes ' drive from the beach in catania , residence i love siciliy offers self - catering accommodation with air conditioning and heating .
at holiday home bellevue sydals denm you will find a terrace , fishing possibilities , a swing and sandpit and barbeque facilities .
longchi hot - spring hotel features a common lounge area for guests to relax .
this inn features barbecue facilities .
rio de janeiro ' s galeão international airport is 170 km away .
minsk train station is 10 minutes ’ ride by metro from centr kvartir 5 and minsk international airport is 38 km away .
there is a private bathroom with a bath .
il moro e la siciliana offers air - conditioned accommodation in the centre of trapani , 300 metres from the port .
guests staying 5 nights or more have 1 sun lounger and 1 deckchair for free at a local beach .
the property features a car rental service and an airport shuttle to the faro international airport 70 km away .
panjim city is about 19 km away .
units have modern wooden furnishings and 2 separate bedrooms , a dining / living area with a fully equipped kitchenette , and a bathroom .
free wifi access is available in public areas .
each room includes a private bathroom with a bathtub and a hairdryer .
free private parking is available at klieber - urlaub am biobauernhof .
gl hotel houses a 24 - hour front desk with luggage storage space .
the almyra ’ s romantic rooms feature cream - coloured furnishings and tasteful wall papers .
located off interstate185 , this hotel is 10 minutes ' drive from columbus state university and maple ridge golf course .
the rooms are warmly decorated in earthy tones and have a private bathroom stocked with a bathrobe and slippers .
towels are offered .
a bowling alley , a large game room with darts , billiards , and electronic games , and a kids ' club with free accesscan also be found at grand monastery private apartments .
there is a seating area and a kitchen equipped with an oven .
there is also a kitchen , equipped with a microwave .
this property is 13 km from elba airport .
offering a restaurant that serves a selection of indian delights , hotel city home is located in ludhiana .
they also have a private bathroom with toiletries and a hairdryer .
the front desk is available for 24 - hour service .
there is a dining area and a kitchen complete with an oven and a toaster . a tv and dvd player are available .
apartments feature a kitchenette with dining area and private bathroom with bath or shower .
free wi - fi and satellite tv are available in all of villa vela luka ’ s accommodations .
certain units feature a private bathroom with a hot tub , while others have bath robes and free toiletries .
the grounds around akti kamares apartments include a children ’ s playground and private parking for guests .
seville ’ s se30 ring road is easily accessible and the airport is a 10 - minute drive away .
london heathrow airport can be reached in just over one hour by public transport .
la spezia is 8 km from the luciana , while galileo galilei airport is 57 km away .
there is a private bathroom with a bath .
at gîte & chambres d ' hôtes mas la tardosse you will find a garden .
a daily breakfast is served and alegre restaurant offers fusion cuisine dishes .
there is a spacious living - dining area with sofa , tv and dining table .
coach ' s corner sports pub at the ramada hotel features large - screen tvs and is open for lunch and dinner .
puerto de valencia is 1 . 2 km from vlc travel habitat francia 55 , while malvarrosa beach is 2 . 9 km away .
gramado bus station is a 5 - minute drive away and canela centre is 9 km away .
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings , including horse riding and hiking .
this apartment offers a washing machine , sofa and fireplace .
a dishwasher and a microwave can be found in the kitchen and there is a private bathroom .
hotel duy anh hanoi is a 20 - minute walk from dong xuan market and the weekend night market . it is a 5 - minute walk from ho chi minh mausoleum , one pillar pagoda and the temple of literature .
the apartment features a living area , a washing machine , a bedroom with a wardrobe and a bathroom .
free wifi is provided throughout the property .
guests benefit from balcony . free wifi is featured throughout the property and free private parking is available on site .
each includes a tv and private bathroom .
bars and restaurants are found in the surrounding area .
the hotel is conveniently situated to reach paris bercy stadium ( popb ), vincennes castle and zoo , horse tracks and disneyland resort paris .
guests of the brunswick rodeway inn are welcome to enjoy the picnic area with barbeque grill .
excursions to discover the area can be organised , with an extra cost .
a cable tv and a work desk are furnished in each room at days inn waccamaw spartanburg .
some rooms also have a seating area to relax in after a busy day .
offering room service , suasso restaurant serves a variety of indonesian and western delights .
padmanabhaswami temple is 15 km away while poovar island is 30 km away .
the on - site restaurant specialises in classic italian cuisine and regional dishes .
free wifi is available throughout the property .
free wifi access is accessible throughout and free parking is possible on site .
gom hostel offers homely and well - appointed accommodation right next to dongdaemun history & culture park subway station ( lines 2 , 4 and 5 ), providing easy access to popular tourist sites in seoul .
each has an en suite bathroom complete with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
the air - conditioned rooms are simply furnished and feature a tv and safety deposit box , some also have a sea - view balcony .
they can also make use of the gym , and relax afterwards with a shiatsu massage .
bed linen is offered .
all units include a kitchen fitted with a microwave and fridge . there is a private bathroom with free toiletries and a hairdryer in each unit .
the old town centre is 300 metres away and offers numerous historic sites .
the local bus station is 3 km while the kathmandu international airport is 200 km away .
guests can use the fully equipped kitchen to prepare their own meals .
guests can relax and enjoy in the outdoor swimming pool .
bars , restaurants and markets can be found about 500 metres away , while the btc city park is located nearby and features tennis courts , indoor pools and a shopping centre .
historic crags lodge provides rooms with a dining area .
the apartments will provide you with a flat - screen tv , air conditioning and a living room .
towels and bed linen are featured .
the staroměstská metro station is just 300 metres away .
some rooms feature four - poster bed .
a washing machine is also available .
the rooms at the elit all come with a balcony , a flat - screen tv with cable channels and a minibar .
easily accessible from shopping and entertainment districts , kameo rayong is a 10 - minute drive from sang chan beach .
cross - country ski runs , hiking and mountain bike trails start right outside .
there is also a restaurant that features traditional and regional cuisine seasonally varied to provide meals that are in harmony with the time of year .
the rooms offer colonial décor with tiled bathrooms equipped with shower , hairdryer and free toiletries .
trg republike belgrade is 2 . 6 km from apartment vračar , while belgrade fair is 3 km away .
rooms here are simply but elegantly decorated .
there is also a shower with hairdryer and toiletries .
golden tulip barcelona features free wifi throughout the property .
each apartment includes cable tv and a kitchen to cook in , equipped with a microwave , a fridge and a kettle . kitchenware and free tea and coffee is provided .
there is an desk . the rooms include a private bathroom fitted with a bath or shower .
for a relaxing body treatment or massage , guests can visit the hotel ’ s wellness centre , complete with indoor pool and hot tub .
it features a garden with a seasonal outdoor pool with sun loungers and furnished outdoor relaxation areas .
this hotel does not have a restaurant .
set in rokytnice nad jizerou , the guest house is 300 metres away from the local bus station 2 km from lysa hora .
five star b & b amsterdam is a 15 - minute walk from amsterdam central train station and can also be reached within 3 minutes by taking tram 26 .
surrounded by mountains and meadows , privat ninka is located in ľubeľa , 15 km from liptovský mikuláš .
at the spa , guests can enjoy a steam bath , a session in the sauna or a swim in the indoor - or outdoor pool .
olympic stadium is 8 km from east residence , while khreshchatyk is 9 km from the property .
crabtree valley mall shopping center is 13 km from aloft raleigh durham airport brier creek , while pnc arena is 13 km away .
featuring free wifi throughout the property , warm mineral springs motel offers accommodation in north port , 1 . 2 km from warm mineral springs . free private parking is available on site .
the lounge area offers a flat - screen tv and an ipod dock .
you can enjoy your breakfast with a cup of tea or coffee , accompanied with lake views .
shewe wana also offers complimentary tuk - tuk shuttle service to the night bazaar .
the family - run steeger weinstube is located in bacharach , in the upper middle rhine valley .
featuring free wifi throughout the property , hotel ibis budget montpellier centre millenaire - is set in montpellier , 2 km from zenith sud montpellier and 4 km from montpellier city centre .
ioannidis guesthouse is a stone - built , 19th - century building in megalo papigo offering traditionally decorated rooms with views to mount astraka .
bicycle and car rentals are available at additional charges for guests who wish to explore the surrounding area .
featuring a pool , an on - site tour desk and a daily breakfast , pousada caramanchão is conveniently located in bonito town centre .
each bright room offers free wi - fi and a mini - fridge .
it has a fully equipped fitness centre and a swimming pool with sun terrace .
spacious and airy , all rooms come with air conditioning , a flat - screen tv and an electric kettle .
a free ski bus stop is 1 minute on foot from villa anna .
the spa and wellness area includes a sauna , an infrared sauna , a salt cabin , a steam cabin , an aroma room , a hot tub , a kids ' pool and an experience shower , all free of charge for guests .
free wi - fi is available in the public areas of the guesthouse and a laundry service is available .
at pousada marraial you will find a bar and a shared kitchen . other facilities offered include grocery deliveries and a shared lounge with tv ..
dining option includes room service .
the town of ioannina is 42 km away .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower and a hairdryer .
liberia international airport is 67 km away .
at apart eggli guests can also relax in a garden featuring barbecue facilities .
each of the rooms is comfortably furnished and has its own unique design .
conveniently placed just a 5 - minute drive to tan son nhat international airport , hoang thanh thuy hotel 1 features free wi - fi access and free parking facilities for those who drive .
the restaurants of elruha serve regional delicacies and dishes from international cuisine .
agung trisna is a 5 - minute walk from the famous monkey forest and a 5 - minute drive from the lively ubud art market .
the bar “ liakoto ” offers coffees and sweets that can be enjoyed while looking at the unlimited views .
the bus stop offering access to tbilisi city centre is 5 minutes ’ walk from night house hotel .
a daily breakfast is available and included for certain rates .
other facilities include a terrace with barbeque , a childrens playground and the sun loungers as well as a sauna , a whirlpool , an indoor swimming pool and a solarium .
the artisan fair is 1 . 5 km away and capitán de corbeta carlos a . curbelo international airport is 15 km away .
the rural location of the town also makes it ideal for hiking and cycling adventures in the surrounding countryside .
the shores of lake trasimeno can be reached in a 1 - hour drive .
all units are also fitted with a tv , desk and private bathroom with shower .
gdańsk ’ s city centre is 6 km away from apartment .
this cosy holiday home has air conditioning , heating , fully equipped kitchen facilities and a fireplace .
guests can enjoy free wi - fi in public areas and free on - site parking .
numerous bars and restaurants serving local and international cuisine are within walking distance , and supermarkets open till late can be found nearby .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
free wifi in public areas and parking are available .
astana airport is a 20 - minute drive away , and a shuttle service can be booked at the hotel .
you will find free shuttle service at the property .
ramsau am dachstein ’ s landhaus blaubeerhügel offers guests a spacious apartment that has 4 bedrooms with a double bed each .
each room , painted in a different colour , comes with air conditioning , a closet and a fan .
the business center features a computer with free wi - fi and is open 24 / 7 .
at camping manon you will find bbq facilities .
the apartment will provide a satellite tv with a dvd player . free wireless internet and a hi - fi system .
guest rooms provide desks and safety deposit boxes .
the apartment includes a living room with a flat - screen tv , dvd player and fireplace .
check out rappbodetalsperre lake ( 15 km ) or the am wurmberg skilift ( 25 km ).
a tv is available .
located in the centre of świnoujście , hotel belweder offers rooms with private bathrooms with showers . the hotel has free wi - fi and free private parking spaces .
the pink floyd hostel is surrounded by shops and restaurants , and is 250 metres from basilica of santa maria maggiore .
there is also a summer kitchen with hotplates , barbecue facilities , a fridge and a terrace with table and chairs .
after a day skiing or hiking , guests can relax in the sauna or hot tub .
a shopping centre is 3 km from dohány udvar .
iacob residence is 12 km from the fortified citadel of rasnov and 22 km from the bran castle .
guests can choose wear one of 800 yukata robes at an additional charge .
the on - site restaurant serves a fine selection of cantonese cuisine .
all units have a satellite flat - screen tv .
meals can be enjoyed out on the terrace accompanied by superb mountain views .
free facilities for tea / coffee making and ironing are offered .
the pension is 2 km from the centre of costeşti , which hosts a range of restaurants and bars .
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and a fridge .
horseback riding facilities can be found at a distance of 5 km from the hotel .
upon request , staff at reception can organise excursions to the zingaro national reserve .
apartment novosibirsk features views of the city and is 3 . 3 km from novosibirsk state circus .
the property offers free parking .
the private bathrooms comes with a bathtub or a shower and hairdryer .
free parking is available on site at guest house paradise cove .
batumi archeological museum is 1 . 2 km from apartment giorgi .
the terrace restaurant with pool views is also another option .
lisbon portela airport is located 30 km away and an airport shuttle service may be arranged , at an extra fee .
terme berzieri thermal baths are a 4 - minute walk away . set 150 metres from viale romagnosi shopping area , the hotel is a 10 - minute walk to salsomaggiore terme train station .
free wifi is provided throughout the property .
rooms here are spacious and each has seating area with a sofa or sofa bed .
it takes only 10 minutes to drive to walking street .
alpenbad leutasch leisure complex with numerous pools is just steps away .
each traditionally furnished room includes a tv , a hairdryer , and tea and coffee making facilities for guests to enjoy .
all rooms come with a private bathroom .
super 8 xintiandi is 2 km from li hongzhang former residence and 4 km from memorial temple of lord bao .
tpc wonder garden offers pet - friendly accommodation in valbom .
lecce is 8 km from b & b le amazzoni , while gallipoli is 46 km away .
the bathroom comes with a hairdryer , and towels and bed linen are featured .
each has a tv and a modern bathroom with shower .
the on - site michelin - starred xerta restaurant serves traditional recipes from the ebro region ; and a complete breakfast is also served every morning including a huge selection of local products .
a laundry service is available .
free internet access and free parking are available .
bristol is a 30 - minute drive from the white hart , and chippenham is less than 15 minutes ’ drive away .
guests staying at the pittsburgh downtown hampton inn & suites will enjoy an indoor swimming pool and exercise centre .
guests can enjoy a swim in any of the 2 large fresh - water swimming pools where sun beds and parasols are provided free of charge .
kopi on bisma serves coffee and cakes on site .
gelendzhik airport is 37 km away .
moganshan shui mo shan ju hostel is a 21 - minute drive from mount mogan and a 33 - minute drive from deqing county .
packed lunches can be requested .
towels and bed linen are offered .
it is located beach front at extreme hotels .
this property is a 10 - minute walk from central kommetje .
featuring a shower , the private bathroom comes with a bath and a hairdryer .
the hotel is equipped with a 24 - hour front desk and tour desk .
papago park and zoo is 20 minutes ’ drive from the property .
some rooms include a seating area to relax in after a busy day .
each room here will provide you with air conditioning .
breakfast is served in the room , or at a stylish bar nearby .
each room has cable tv , a small seating area , and a safety deposit box .
there is a park just across the property and the sighs such as cetinje monastery and vlaška church can easily be explored .
hacienda san gaspar golf club is located 12 minutes ' drive from the holiday home . cuernavaca international airport is 27 minutes ' drive away .
in the garden there is a basketball court and a football pitch .
the property offers free parking .
other facilities at casa sul mare include a terrace .
other facilities at villa hutan datai include a spa centre .
it overlooks the beach and features both indoor and outdoor swimming pools , a balneotherapy centre and a sun terrace .
you can play table tennis and billiards at the property , and free use of bicycles is available .
rooms at il casale alle farine include a satellite tv , a fan and a private bathroom .
guests can rent a bicycle to explore the surrounding area .
towels and bed linen are featured in this self - catering accommodation .
a flat - screen tv and a telephone features in each room .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out san diego convention centre just 700 metres from this apartment .
every morning guest can enjoy breakfast in the privacy of their room .
matzi studios & apartments is 13 km from the city of chania .
maribor is 20 km away .
the property offers air - conditioned accommodation and free wifi throughout .
dining options include an à la carte restaurant equipped with wooden dining tables and chairs .
guests can workout in the fitness centre or use the business centre that offers fax and photocopying services .
all the rooms here will provide you with a satellite tv , air conditioning and a balcony .
there are the main bus stops nearby and taranto train station is 5 minutes ' walk away .
the hotel also offers car hire .
there is a flat - screen tv , a refrigerator and a private bathroom with a shower or a bath in each of them .
oberlech is completely car - free and can only be reached by cable car from the centre of lech .
each apartment unit at the leitners ’ comprises an on - site parking space for free .
towels and bed linen are featured in this self - catering accommodation .
a private bathroom with shower is also available .
kucukkuyu town centre is 2 km from the property .
set in a traditional timber - framed building , hotel zur staffel offers a beer garden , restaurant , and free wifi access .
each air - conditioned room here will provide you with a flat - screen satellite tv and work desk .
a number of restaurants , shops , bars and cafes are located within a range of 3 km from appartment gsolerhof . lake völser weiher is 11 km away .
motorcyclists are welcome to use the hotel garage free of charge .
featuring a pool and a snack bar amidst its lush garden , katerini hotel apartments is located in platanias of rethymno , just 150 metres from the blue - flag beach .
guests enjoy a shared terrace , free bikes and a shared kitchen .
famous elounda beach is at 6 km and the town of agios nikolaos is 2 . 5 km away .
metrobus station is within a walking distance .
each one has a private bathroom .
the nearest airport is delhi international airport , 20 km from brindavanam serviced apartment .
a sweet italian - style breakfast is served daily .
a continental breakfast and a cooked english breakfast is served each morning at b & b bydand .
free private parking is on the property ’ s grounds .
other facilities include a shared lounge , luggage storage and ironing services .
room service is available on request .
the hotel also offers laundry and dry cleaning service .
daniel oduber quirós international airport is 79 km away .
lockers and towels are available for free .
hannover city centre is 8 km from fair & easy stay , with museums , historic buildings , and plenty of restaurants , cafes , and bars .
tatra national parl can be reached in 10 minutes on foot .
the kitchen includes a dining area and it is equipped with a washing machine , dishwasher , oven and kettle .
they have a private bathroom with bath , free toiletries and hairdryer .
free wifi is available in the entire property and free parking is possible on site .
the on - site restaurant , bougainvillier , is managed by a michelin - starred chef , who offers fixed menus , à la carte dining and daily suggestions .
offering a garden with bbq , and a furnished sun terrace , villa varenna was built in 1895 in central varenna , on the eastern shores of lake como . wifi is free throughout .
appartamenti isola rossa is close to local shops and bars where you can enjoy your breakfast .
free wi - fi access is available in this holiday home .
the kitchen features a dishwasher and an oven , as well as a kettle .
fluently conversed in english , french and vietnamese , staff at the 24 - hour front desk can assist with private and express check - in or check - out , luggage storage and other concierge services .
the light house offers free secure parking on site and a secure , locked area for bicycles and motorcycles .
porto cardosas story apartments is a 20 - minute drive from porto international airport .
all rooms at seattle travelodge include a microwave , small refrigerator , and coffee making facilities .
free wifi is available .
towels and bed linen are offered in this apartment .
each house at es brucs has a living - dining area with a tv ; and a kitchen equipped with an oven , hobs and kitchenware . it has direct access to an outdoor covered dining area : its shaded seating area provides a pleasant setting area for al fresco dining .
some units feature views of the sea or pool .
the bathrooms feature free toiletries and a hairdryer .
a lounge with fireplace , terrace with water views and daily buffet breakfast are available .
shchurovo mound museum is 3 km from guest house old province , while pokrovsky monastery is 50 metres and spaso - efimiev monastery is 300 metres away .
the hotel is a great base for trips to the denmark , with the danish border just a 10 - minute drive away .
this colorful and bright apartment is fully - furnished and features air conditioning and heating .
the property is a 20 - minute walk from the basilica san paolo metro , which links to the colosseum in 4 stops .
the hostel also offers a shared lounge and laundry facilities .
other facilities at villa eko - dom include a spa centre , sauna and solarium .
there is a coffee plunger , hairdryer , electric blankets , ironing facilities and heating in all units .
dam square and munt square are within 700 metres of cloud9 guesthouse amsterdam .
panchratna restaurant serves a fine selection of indian dishes and citrine is the in - house coffee shop .
located in the centre of casablanca , a 6 - minute drive from the sea and a 7 - minute drive from hassan ii mosque , casablanca sweet home features moroccan traditional architecture and design .
the private bathroom comes with a bath or a shower , and a hairdryer .
the national military museum is a 10 - minute walk from hotel andy . the romanian national opera house is a 6 - minute drive .
eiffel is a 15 - minute walk from the black sea beach .
public parking is possible in the vicinity , against an additional cost .
featuring a shower , the bathroom also comes with free toiletries .
free wifi access is available in all areas .
each room at the blue horizon hotel includes a flat - screen tv , refrigerator and coffee - making facilities .
rustaveli theatre is 1 . 6 km from coral boutique hotel , while freedom square is 2 . 3 km away . tbilisi international airport is 15 km from the property .
a cable tv and telephone with free local calls are standard in every room at motel 6 bakersfield .
each room here will provide you with a flat - screen cable tv , air conditioning and a patio with chairs .
parking is also offered free of charge .
each room at the venus hotel features a tv , a refrigerator and mountain views .
the property offers free parking .
porto international airport is a 70 - minute drive away .
rooms at sree kanya fortune inn are air conditioned and come with flat - screen satellite tvs . bright and clean , each is equipped with a tea / coffee maker and a minibar .
the carlton hotel - zhonghua is located in hsinchu , a 4 - minute drive from hsinchu train station .
the property is a 10 - minute walk from insadong , while gyeongbokgung palace and dongdaemun are a 3 - minute drive away .
offering great transport links , el dorado b & b is 3 stops from the spanish steps and a 20 - minute ride from the colosseum .
offering a garden view , rooms feature a private bathroom with a shower .
located in the historic centre of cartagena and 1 km from the palace of inquisition , apartamento casa del virrey offers an outdoor swimming pool and a spa and wellness centre .
the 4 swimming pools are surrounded by tropical gardens and sun terraces with sun - loungers .
la flambée restaurant offers a traditional provencal cooking and features a terrace overlooking the luberon .
some suites also have a balcony .
breakfast is available on request , and fresh bread rolls can be delivered to the apartments on request every morning .
grocery shops and restaurants can be reached within walking distance of the property and free wifi access is provided .
the restaurant specialises in cuisine from the abruzzo region .
ancient fort of mont boron is 7 km from california park .
guests can also visit the antique theatre of bodrum or bodrum castle , within 6 km .
towels and bed linen are provided .
located in pushkin , this apartment features a balcony . providing free private parking , the apartment is 1 . 9 km from tsarskoye selo .
the detelina has a restaurant serving bulgarian and international dishes accompanied by local wines .
at a 20 - minute walk in the centre of albufeira , guests will find a great variety of restaurants serving seafood and fish specialities .
st . stephen ' s basilica is 850 metres from the property . the nearest metro station is at oktogon on line m1 , 400 metres away .
strbske pleso and the bachledova dolina ski area are 18 km away .
riverside restaurant serves western food , while yulong chinese restaurant offers local food and cantonese food .
it offers spacious accommodation with free parking on site and free wi - fi internet access .
special diet menus are available upon request .
seren apart also has a bar serving refreshing drinks .
rooms at elegance playa arenal are bright and come with a private balcony and satellite tv .
the property is located a 30 - minute drive from ragusa .
each unit includes a kitchenette , dining area and sofa bed .
sanya railway station is a 15 - minute drive away .
each room here will provide you with a satellite tv , air conditioning and a safe .
fitted with tiled flooring , each villa at pranburi cabana comes with air - conditioning , a satellite tv and a minibar .
car rental services can be arranged and free parking is available .
each room at the villa includes a private bathroom and carved , wooden furniture .
at the white house by sunlovers you will find a garden , a snack bar and a shared kitchen .
max bistro serves local specialties , indonesian cuisine and oriental dishes .
a car - hire service is provided by d . dinis and there is free public parking .
the apartment features free wifi throughout the property .
public parking is available nearby at an extra cost .
the nearest airport is thiruvananthapuram international airport , 37 km from the property .
tobolsk train station is 9 . 2 km away , and roshchino international airport is 264 km from suzge hotel .
a bus stop is within 200 metres and the sněžka peak is 7 km away .
staff at the 24 - hour front desk can assist guests with luggage storage and laundry services .
istanbul ataturk airport is 18 . 4 km from the property .
accessing other historical and central locations of the city is easy , using public transportation vehicles .
the property is in a quiet countryside area between arco and torbole , a short driving distance from all services .
the villas are equipped with a kitchen and a dining area .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
free wifi access is available .
hong kong international airport is 24 km away .
fuheng chinese restaurant serves a variety of chinese dishes .
set in sarlat , this villa features a terrace and a garden .
guests can book breakfast and half - board at the verwöhnhotel vötters sportkristall , which is right next door .
the nearest airport is jeju international airport , 2 km from the property .
maison d ' hôtes l ' allemane is a b & b located 6 km from montseveroux in the isere region , 50 km from lyon .
free wifi access is available in all areas .
free wifi and a 800 - m2 garden are available on site .
salmon fishing trips can be arranged at the tilenmore fishery on the famous river finn , and golf tee off times can be arranged at top golf clubs . a variety of shopping , pubs and clubs , and restaurants can be found in belfast city centre , as well as live music , theatre and museums .
guests can benefit from room service , laundry and car rental .
all featuring air conditioning , a microwave , a refrigerator , stovetop and a coffee machine , some of these units come with a dining area and a seating area with a flat - screen tv . some units feature a balcony and / or patio and a kitchen equipped with a dishwasher and a oven .
the en - suite bathroom includes a hot shower and amenities .
a 1 - minute walk from south main street , leahys lee house youghal offers bed and breakfast on ireland ’ s southern coast .
a flat - screen tv and dvd player is available .
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a breakfast bar , a spacious lounge area with a fireplace , and a separate dining area .
the sandy beach of falassarna lies within a 30 - minute drive .
located 5 km from siena , villa agostoli has a garden with pool . it offers free wi - fi and country - style accommodation with garden views .
apartmány u šakala offers a self - catered accommodation in 2 apartments situated in the quiet part of zdíkov village .
featuring free wifi and a spa centre , tiger nest resort offers accommodation in paro . the resort has a sauna and fitness centre , and guests can enjoy a drink at the bar .
nestled in lush green surroundings , no . 1 hotel és vendégház enjoys a central location in parád , 200 metres from the károlyi castle .
rimini federico fellini airport is 40 minutes away by car .
private bathrooms also come with a shower .
the resort also provides bicycle and car rentals , as well as laundry services .
guests receive free passes to the low wood leisure club , which has a fully equipped gym , squash courts and an indoor swimming pool .
leandro ́ s is located within 500 metres from dunas beach and bikinis street .
offering modern décor , this apartment enjoys an open - plan seating , dining and kitchen area with stainless steel appliances .
selected rooms feature bath tub and sauna .
albergo san vitale is located in the very heart of bologna , near its famous university .
there is also a disco - bar on site .
there are horse riding facilities 1 . 5 km away .
guests can relax after a long day while watching a pay - per - view movie on the one of the in - suite plasma tvs .
charles bridge is 1 . 4 km from václavská apartment , while old town square is 1 . 4 km from the property .
at riad arij you will find a 24 - hour front desk , a garden and a terrace . other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge , a tour desk and luggage storage .
free wifi is available throughout the entire property .
guests can also enjoy a drink by the fireplace in the hotel ’ s bar , le salon saint lazare .
free wifi is available .
blue sea arenal tower - adults only is just a short stroll to the beach and within easy reach of majorca ’ s capital , palma .
certain units have a seating area to relax in after a busy day .
apartament z widokiem na morze vi is located within a 10 - minute walk from the centre of gdynia .
drinks are also in the bär ’ s bar with summer terrace .
trendy shoreditch ’ s bars , cafés and restaurants are within 20 minutes ’ walk of the apartments .
okehampton and the dartmoor national park are also within 30 minutes .
the centre of novalja , with various café bars , is within a 1 - km distance .
the room overlooks the desert .
the on - site restaurant serves dishes of european and georgian cuisine and a buffet breakfast is offered daily .
located 1 . 5 km from flamento beach , habitat carioca hotel offers accommodations in rio de janeiro .
you may be able to spot seals , dolphins and marine bird - life .
the private bathroom includes free toiletries .
el dorado international airport is 12 km away .
certain rooms have a seating area to relax in after a busy day .
located 50 metres from the sea in paralia vrachou , casa christabella offers tastefully furnished , self - catering accommodation with patios or balconies .
breakfast is available each morning in the main hotel building , a 10 - minute walk from the landhaus warndtwald dependance .
thansur bokor highland resort operates a 24 - hour front desk that can assist with currency exchange , laundry and babysitting services .
scholitzer lake is a 3 - minute drive from the property .
featuring a private balcony with a sea view , this modern , air - conditioned apartment offers a living room with a flat - screen tv , a dining area and a fully equipped kitchen .
fresh and regional cuisine can be enjoyed in the hofgut ' s giorgios restaurant with terrace
every room at this hotel is air conditioned and has a flat - screen tv .
villa pamphili park is 5 km from the property , while ciampino airport is a 25 - minute drive away .
the 27 - hole mälarö golf club is 150 metres away .
at casa premiere en acapulco you will find a garden , barbecue facilities and a terrace .
it is minutes from the mega shopping mall and the aquapark samara and also offers link by metro to the city centre .
a hairdryer and shower are found in the bathroom .
there is a selection of restaurants and bars in the centre of portonovo , 1 . 5 km away , and the popular seaside resort of sanxenxo is only 2 . 5 km away .
rooms are air - conditioned and equipped with a cable tv , clothes rack and a telephone .
bad waltersdorf and bad blumau can both be reached within 20 minutes by car .
other facilities at ses muralles boutique house include a barbecue .
free wifi access and free private parking are available .
a 3 - minute walk from sanur beach , each modern balinese villa comes with a private pool .
the rooms at ibis paris la villette cité des sciences have a satellite tv and a telephone .
a shuttle service can be arranged on request at an additional fee .
in only a 5 - minute drive guests can reach the sevastopol ’ resort , and explore local sights such as the tavric khersonnes open - air museum .
the hotel is one mile from cove island park , which is located on cove harbor .
studios and apartments at elamaris are air conditioned and come with a satellite tv and a well - equipped kitchenette .
ibiza city is a 30 - minute drive away and santa eulária des riu is 37 km from private villas cala vadella .
each guest room has a private toilet and hairdryer .
at ozero snovideny guest house you will find a private beach area and a fitness centre . other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge , a games room and a ticket service .
some units feature a living room .
they also come with a wardrobe and a flat - screen tv .
warsaw ’ s old town is about 10 km from sweet home and 4 km from the młociny metro station .
apartment guests can order fresh bread rolls to be brought to the apartment each morning .
the restaurant also features a weekly lobster dinner .
free wifi access is available and free continental breakfast is served daily .
free private parking is available on site .
guests can prepare their own meals using the kitchenette equipped with a refrigerator , a microwave and a stovetop .
warsaw central railway station is 5 minutes ' walk , while warsaw chopin airport is located 7 , 6 km away .
the apartment has 2 double bedrooms , with the option to add an additional bed for a surcharge .
the apartment features a seating area , a kitchen with microwave , and a bathroom with bath tub and free toiletries .
wifi is available .
guests will stay either in a western - style room with 6 tatami beds or in a japanese - style room with 6 futon mats .
hotel zlaten prsten is located in peštani and 50 metres away from lake ohrid .
elida family hotel in bansko , located 700 metres from the cable car station , offers a free ski shuttle service , as well as a sauna and hot tub facilities .
the property provides a private garden with barbecue facilities , a football goal , a place for a bonfire , badminton rackets , croquet , a swing and a sandpit .
it has 1 bedroom , a bathroom and a living area with a sofa bed .
the property is just a 10 - minute drive from many local and international restaurants .
the scenic coastal town of peschici is 18 km from the property .
chenonceau chateau is 22 minutes by car and tours is a 31 - minute drive .
kemcomfort leningradskiy 24 offers accommodation in kemerovo .
breakfast is served every morning in the common dining area and an array of menu options are available in the restaurant for dinner .
accommodation will provide you with air conditioning , a balcony and a patio .
regional lower saxon dishes are also served in the evenings and can be enjoyed on the hotel ’ s terrace .
extras include bed linen .
alicante airport is 1 hour away by car .
free wifi is featured and free private parking is available on site .
the daily breakfast includes eggs , croissants and biscuits , together with cappuccino and tea .
you can also rent a bicycle to explore the island or request for a traditional massage .
the buchan braes hotel is located in boddam on the outskirts of peterhead and offers stylish , modern accommodation and free on - site parking .
a continental breakfast can be enjoyed daily , with regional jams and bread toast .
enjoy a relaxing stay in the amalfi coast , in the pleasant village of furore , near the main resorts but away from noisy crowds .
the classic - style rooms feature a tv and desk . the private bathroom comes with slippers .
a sweet and savoury buffet is served daily in the dining room .
it provides breakfast , room service and free parking .
at north salem country house you will find barbecue facilities .
the town of split with the unesco - listed diocletian ’ s palace , ferry port and bus and train stations can be reached within 15 km .
the guest rooms at the charlotte city center courtyard include a flat - screen tv and a work desk . a coffee maker , hair dryer and ironing facilities are provided .
the heated rooms at hôtel des arts are simply decorated . the private bathroom is fitted with a shower or a bath and includes free toiletries .
other facilities at villa marin include a year - round outdoor pool .
in the surroundings , you will find several shops and restaurants .
this hotel is set in a quiet area of khust , 2 km from the khust castle . free wi - fi , free parking , a children ’ s playground and a 24 - hour reception are featured at hotel premiera .
sommerland sjælland is a 30 - minute drive from hotel den gyldnehane .
it offers an outdoor pool , bbq facilities , and a children ' s playground .
an ironing service and laundry facilities are also provided .
car hire is available at the property and the area is popular for horse riding . the area is popular for snorkelling and fishing .
the tazewell motor lodge is 10 minutes ’ drive from lincoln memorial university .
upon request , car or bicycle rental can be arranged and massages can be provided at an additional cost .
it offers a daily continental breakfast and features rooms with free wi - fi , a cable tv and dvd player .
featuring free wifi and a fully equipped kitchen , hollywood landmarks apartment is located 8 . 9 km from staples center and 3 . 9 km from sunset strip .
the rooms at hotel são lucas are spacious and feature tiled floors and simple décor .
this and many more local wines can be sampled in il barlanzone ' s wine bar .
the due torri apartment is 8 km from noto .
free wifi access is available throughout the property .
the rooms here will provide you with a seating area .
the nearest airport is london heathrow airport , 15 km from the property .
a bread roll service is available on request , while the nearest restaurant is 150 metres away .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a bath or shower .
free private parking is available on site .
you will find room service at the property .
the guest house also offers car hire .
it offers en suite rooms with a tv and canal + channels , a restaurant and 24 - hour reception desk .
laundry , dry cleaning , business centre , meeting / banquet facility , and spa treatments are available with extra charges .
other services offered at the property include laundry and airport shuttle .
it offers charming rooms with free wi - fi and a flat - screen tv .
located at an altitude of 610 metres , in epanochori village of crete , the family - run eriki studios & apartments features a traditionally decorated guestrooms with views over the garden or the mountain .
it features a sauna , cafe and lounge for guest ’ s enjoyment and the bund and yu garden is only a 15 - minute walk away .
it is only 150 metres from carlow castle .
amber court whakatane is just 5 minutes ’ walk from many shops and restaurants .
spacious private parking is available .
it offers accommodation with free wi - fi .
the air - conditioned apartment includes a tv and a seating area .
located in the popular ski resort harrachov , chalet hřebenka is located just 400 metres from the certova hora ski area .
at benwadee resort you will find a 24 - hour reception , on - site shops shops and an a la carte restaurant .
montagu place ’ s guests enjoy special rates at a gym , just a few minutes ' walk from the hotel .
wanxiang hotel ’ s hexianfang serves a variety of à la carte chinese dishes .
this non smoking house can accommodate up to eight persons .
all rooms are smoke free .
the centre of breguzzo is 10 km from the property .
restaurants and grocery shops are found within 50 metres of the property .
you can play a game of pool , table tennis or foosball in the games room .
offering free bikes , gite de la ronceraie is located in chaumont - sur - loire , just 10 km from amboise with its famous château and leonardo da vinci museum .
some offer views of the adriatic sea and most include a balcony .
the unit provides accommodation with 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms . the living area has sofas , a cable tv and a dvd player .
the mediterranean coast is a 30 - minute drive from hotel wunder .
bike , ski and snowboard rentals are available on - site at charter sports .
moinho da cruz is located 4 km from ponte de lima .
cornavin train station , in the centre of geneva , is just 15 minutes away from the phoenix hotel .
free wifi access is available .
on - site parking is free .
monschau town centre is a 5 - minute walk away .
laundry service is available at a fee .
other facilities offered at the property include grocery deliveries .
located 8 miles from rick husband amarillo airport , this hotel offers guests a refreshing outdoor swimming pool and rooms with free wi - fi .
room service is also available .
a refrigerator , coffee maker and 24 - hour room service are also provided .
bouling pub offers a bar , banquet facilities and a sauna .
your free breakfast to - go can be found on the first floor and is included in the price of the reservation .
you will find a shared kitchen at the property .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out the musée des arts et métiers , a 5 - minute walk away .
the elegant rooms at hotel bailing come with a modern décor and are fitted with large windows .
guests benefit from balcony , offering views of the city and the sea .
on - site parking is free .
the hotel is a 5 - minute walk from juguang tower and jincheng bus terminal . kinmen military headquarters of qing dynasty is 10 minutes ' walk away it is a 10 - minute drive from kinmen airport and shuitou pier .
talise spa features overwater treatment rooms .
restaurants can be found within walking distance .
at maison france cormier you will find barbecue facilities .
relaxation is offered by the envoy ’ s lounge with computers , board games and a tv .
an internet café is also available for guests ’ convenience .
wi - fi in public areas is free .
bathroom facilities are en suite , or shared , and include free toiletries .
situated in vilnius , 5 km from gediminas ' tower , pavovere features free wifi access and free private parking .
each villa features a private pool and gazebo .
buffet - style breakfast is served each morning at the main restaurant .
the property also offers a dining area , a fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom with a shower .
the ajoie spa has a bar and a lounge area where coffee , tea and smoothies are served .
wired internet is available with an extra cost .
each room features an en - suite bathroom with a shower as well as complimentary tea / coffee making facilities .
all units have a satellite flat - screen tv .
coffee is available for guests 24 hours a day at this pet - friendly motel .
fax , printing and photocopying facilities are provided as well .
wine and olive oil are produced on site .
each mobile home comes with a diving equipment storage .
they are equipped with a seating area , tea and coffee making facilities and a private bathroom .
moskovsky train station is 8 . 5 km from men ' k kings hotel , and dvortsovaya ploshchad square with the hermitage museum is 30 minutes ' drive away .
facilities include cable tv , a refrigerator and a private bathroom with shower .
at bem estar caldas guests will find barbecue facilities and a hot spring bath .
inside the munich all inclusive campsite you ’ ll find carnival - type celebrations , djs , live bands , live radio shows and an open bar for a daily flat - rate . hot and tasty breakfasts are served each morning , as well as delicious dinners every evening .
breakfast is included .
the historical city ootmarsum is 6 km away .
ocean spray features free wifi throughout the property .
the hampshire hotel noordwijk hof van holland is situated in the quiet historical centre of noordwijk - binnen .
breakfast is served every morning .
aquilon guest house features free wifi throughout the property .
located in the san lorenzo area , it is a 10 - minute walk from roma termini train station .
enjoy stunning views of the kattegat bay area from säröhus hotel .
free wifi is provided throughout the property and free private parking is available on site .
europe square is 2 . 5 km from марина , while holy mother virgins nativity cathedral is 2 . 5 km away .
with wooden beamed ceilings and terracotta floors , apartments have rustic furnishing , a tv with satellite channels and a fully equipped kitchen with oven and refrigerator . the private bathrooms come with shower and a bidet .
each room features a minibar , cable tv and a bathroom with shower or bath tub .
the hotel ’ s staff is at your service 24 hours a day .
this plano hotel is a short walk from legacy town center shopping and dining area .
towels and bed linen are available .
there is a free public parking on site .
it offers a restaurant and accommodation with free wi - fi .
middelburg is 13 km away .
kazan central train station is 3 km from greenpoint hostel , while kazan international airport is 25 km away .
this self - catering accommodation offers a seating area with a fireplace , sofa and a tv . there is a dining area and the kitchen is equipped with a microwave , oven and dishwasher .
you can play tennis at the property , and the area is popular for snorkelling .
a bus stop is 2 km from the property and the sovata train station is 4 km away .
an art nouveau building in the centre of rapallo , hotel giulio cesare is just 50 metres from a sandy beach and near the harbour .
free wi - fi access is available in the common areas and breakfast is included and served daily .
stora hotellet osby is located in osby , 40 km from kristianstad .
a continental breakfast is provided in the dining room with a fireplace or the roof terrace .
there is also a variety of good restaurants within 10 minutes ’ walk of the hotel .
utapao rayong - pattaya international airport is located 21 km away .
rowing boats , paddle boards and snorkeling equipments are available .
the alabastro bar offers cocktails and tapas and la sal marina offers mediterranean cuisine .
located in the scenic town of schrebitz , separaté im haus carmen offers a sauna and rental bikes .
all have tv , safe , telephone and hairdryer .
the 4 - star t - hotel offers elegant accommodation just beside jinan university .
each of the spacious rooms has a unique layout and colour scheme .
claes compaen has a maritime theme and features a garden with a peaceful terrace .
a flat - screen tv is provided .
each air - conditioned room has impressive views of the mountains , as well as 1 double bed and 1 bathroom with a bath or shower .
anna hvides gård museum is a 3 - minute drive away .
supermarkets and restaurants can be found within walking distance and the brevent ski lift if 1 km from the apartment .
rooms are equipped with a private bathroom fitted with a bath or shower .
cadiz is 42 km from the property , while the beaches of the costa de la luz are 30 km away .
featuring a furnished rooftop terrace , welcome hostel is a 5 - minute walk from peniche ’ s beaches .
rooms are fitted with a private bathroom .
uzhgorod castle is 1 . 2 km from the hotel , and uzhgorod drama theater is a 15 - minute walk away .
it offers basic guest services and free wi - fi in all areas .
free parking is possible at a location nearby .
travel arrangements can be made at the tour desk .
a stove oven is also available at the terrace , where guests can enjoy al fresco dining .
free wifi is provided throughout the property .
los juncos apart is a self - catering accommodation located just 200 metres from the beach in puerto madryn .
other facilities offered at the property include a tour desk and luggage storage .
located off i - 95 , the kittery ramada is 11 . 4 miles from york beach .
featuring a relaxing garden and an international atmosphere , casa " los gekos " managua is a typical nicaraguan house located in managua .
canoeing and rafting is possible on the saale river just 5 km away , and geiseltalsee lake is 20 km from ferienwohnung dreyen lilien .
with wood beamed ceilings and hand - made terracotta tiles , the villa comes with a living room with a glass window opening onto the garden .
it is 20 minutes ' walk to dallgow - döberitz train station , where free parking is available .
the accommodation will provide you with a flat - screen tv and air conditioning .
free wi - fi is available throughout .
room service is available for in - room dining comforts .
angelic apartments is set a 10 - minute walk from the historic centre of dubrovnik and 250 metres from banje , the town ’ s most popular beach .
facilities include air conditioning , a washing machine and tv .
memorial park is within 3 km of the property , while the museum district is 6 . 9 km away .
the hotel ’ s staff can arrange car and bicycle rental , or schedule tours in the region .
grand hotel du midi is well - connected by bus to the town centre and the polydome congress centre , 1 . 5 km away .
set in cortina d ’ ampezzo , villa oretta offers free wi - fi , a restaurant and alpine - style rooms with wood - beamed ceilings and carpeted floors . this family - run property also features a shared terrace .
florence is 47 km from villa valle , while pisa is 28 km away .
evening meals can be provided upon request and at an additional cost .
boasting a flat - screen satellite tv and balcony , all rooms at the giu al mulino are soundproofed .
the rooms at altan hotel are simply furnished . they all include satellite tv and a private bathroom .
located in a quiet area sunny beach , just 150 metres from the sea , horizont apartments features a free seasonal outdoor pool and air - conditioned accommodation with wifi at a surcharge .
free wifi access is available in the public areas of this chalet .
hostel svoboda 9 is located in yaroslavl city centre , 1 . 2 km from embankment .
it is a 10 - minute drive from ngurah rai international airport .
located 3 km from the suceava citadel , hotel gloria suceava features a restaurant , a bar and free wifi in public areas .
the property is accessible by ferry from anacortes , washington to the orcas island ferry terminal which is 20 minutes ’ drive to the resort once on the island .
a seaside walking path and tropical landscaped gardens are provided at the eco - friendly outrigger napili shores .
all the classically decorated rooms at grand hotel include an individual design and a safety deposit box .
the units are composed of 2 separate bedrooms , a fully equipped kitchen , and a bathroom .
cancún is 38 km from the property .
little hydrangea b & b is centrally located just a 5 - minute drive from the city centre .
located in essaouira , casa naima is a 15 - minute drive from the beach and the medina .
you can enjoy garden view from the room .
fully carpeted , rooms at conte hotel feature cable tv , minibars , and large work desk .
each apartment has a balcony or terrace and a private bathroom .
all apartments at immo alpage location service are equipped with cable and satellite tv , and they have well equipped kitchenettes with a microwave and a refrigerator .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out cyprus university of technology ( 1 . 2 km ) and wine museum ( 1 . 2 km ).
bars and restaurants can be found 200 metres away .
caucaia bus terminal is 25 km away .
free public parking is available .
some rooms feature a balcony .
just 5 minutes ’ walk from otago university , alhambra oaks offers accommodation with flat - screen satellite tv and 1 hour of free wi - fi access per day . it features a 24 - hour front desk and free on - site parking .
restaurants and shops can be found in the surrounding area .
located 300 metres from the unesco - protected diocletian ' s palace and the riva promenade , apartments mansarda is set in a traditional stone house and features modern furnishings and free wi - fi .
faro international airport is 18 km away and quarteira is a 16 - minute drive away .
boasting an outdoor pool and a private beach during summer , nichinankaigan nango prince hotel offers spacious guest rooms with a great sea view .
set on an organic farm , this eco - friendly property is just 150 metres from a beach along lake storsjön and 13 km from östersund .
apartment twins is a self - catering accommodation located in zadar .
part of the harz unesco heritage site , the huttale widerwaage is a picturesque reservoir , just 4 km from the property .
guests can also prepare hot meals and snacks at the common kitchen area .
set in the countryside , the location is great for cycling or hiking .
alghero and alghero fertilia airport are located a 1 - hour drive away .
rooms enjoy rustic décor and the same lovely views .
some units have a balcony , and the apartments have a separate bedroom .
termini train station is 4 km away .
a sweet breakfast is served daily , while savoury dishes are available upon request .
each room here will provide you with a tv , air conditioning and a seating area .
this property is 20 minutes ’ walk from punta cometa touristic place and 10 minutes ’ drive from mazunte beach .
the accommodation also offers laundry / ironing services , a well - equipped business centre and free parking facilities for guests who drive .
the nearest airport is london city airport , 28 km from the property .
at bread and roses inn you will find a well - tended garden , a gazebo and a terrace .
an italian - style breakfast is provided daily at the antiche volte .
rooms include an attached bathroom equipped with towels , slippers and shower facility .
the hotel is 1 . 5 km from ben thanh market and the reunification palace .
itzhak rabin memorial is 1 . 3 km from sunset tlv , while dizengoff square is 1 . 4 km from the property .
a continental breakfast buffet with fresh breads , pastries , fruits , cereals and sliced cold meats is offered for gbp 9 . 50 .
all rooms are air - conditioned , and feature timber interiors and high ceilings .
children and special diet menus can be requested .
the nearest grocery store is 200 metres away , while a restaurant is 300 metres from the meters from the apartment gloria .
guests at hostería del cerro can book massage sessions for an extra fee .
rooms provide a tv , a telephone , a wardrobe and a minibar .
the children ’ s room of the royal bansko aparthotel as well as direct car rental make it a pleasant place to enjoy winter vacation .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , maastricht ' s city centre is 16 km away .
free parking is available at campamento ñandú .
a varied breakfast buffet is served daily and the restaurant specialises in mediterranean cuisine .
enjoy free use of the hotel ' s gym , indoor pool , saunas and whirlpool .
a continental breakfast is served daily with tropical fruits , coffee and regional jams .
hardwood floors , wood - paneled walls and rustic décor are featured throughout the property . outdoor dining and bbq facilities are also available .
you can enjoy lake view and mountain view .
guests of colombo holidays can enjoy an italian breakfast , served on a private terrace .
facilities include a tv , dishwasher and washing machine .
the hotel is situated 6 km away from biju patnaik airport and 8 km from lingaraj temple .
there is also a kitchen , equipped with a microwave . a fridge and stovetop are also offered , as well as a kettle .
the bar serves drinks well into the evening .
the areitbahn cable car us 1 . 5 km away and zell am see ’ s centre is within 2 km . the closest restaurants and supermarkets are a 10 - minute walk from bergheim - eckelhart .
for guests exploring the region by car , secure parking is free on site .
this good - value hostel enjoys a superb location on the famous plaza corredera in central córdoba .
towels and bed linen are featured at apartment centro chamberí .
minute maid park , home to baseball ' s astros , and george r . brown convention center are within a 10 - minute drive , while houston museum district is 5 km from the whitehall houston .
la gomera is set on the picturesque san pedro street and is 500 metres from the osuna ' s roman amphitheatre .
free private parking is provided on site .
melodious waves features free wifi .
guests of inn la cuesta are greeted by a 24 - hour reception and the hotel provides free afternoon coffee , tea and cookies .
located in rome , this apartment is 400 metres from piazza di santa maria in trastevere .
extras include an outdoor seating area , bed linen and a fan .
this property is 1 . 8 km from the władysławowo train station .
old phuket town is situated 1 . 2 km from this property ; whilst bangla road can be reached under 9 . 2 km .
guest house camelot features free wifi throughout the property .
free private parking is available on site .
hiking trails start right outside .
there is a private bathroom with a hot tub in every unit .
the cosy pension zum heurigen is just a short walk from the echterdingen s - bahn ( city rail ) stop and town centre with its varied shopping opportunities .
the property can also assist with car and scooter rentals .
within 0 . 8 km shops can be found and restaurants within 1 . 5 km .
guests can enjoy a buffet breakfast in the mornings and it includes a variety of fresh fruits , breads and cold meats , as well as a selection of beverages .
an outdoor pool in pfunds and lake ried can both be reached by car in 25 minutes or less .
the air - conditioned accommodations feature a living area with an lcd cable tv and sofa , as well as a kitchen with a minibar and stove .
kissimmee is 20 km from oakview house 4205 , while lakeland is 41 km from the property .
an in - house chef is available to prepare western or asian dishes for lunch or dinner upon request .
guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant .
they all include lcd tvs and private bathrooms .
the kitchen includes a dishwasher , electric kettle , microwave and refrigerator . it also has a stove .
each features air conditioning , a minibar and free wi - fi access . you will also find a flat - screen tv with 5 sky channels .
free ironing services and free daily newspapers are offered . housecleaning is provided free of charge .
the hostel also offers bike hire .
those who wish to explore the area can visit ceningan island , a 20 - minute motorbike ride away .
you can benefit from an exclusive selection of treatments at the vitalhotel moisl spa , which was awarded the “ best health austria ” prize in 2005 .
guests can prepare homemade meals in the kitchen equipped with an oven , stove and refrigerator .
la maison de aava is a quaint guest house located in villa altagracia . it is just a 40 - minute drive from santo domingo and features free wi - fi and free daily breakfast .
there are 2 free parking spaces .
the a8 , a6 and a62 motorways are all nearby .
the cathedral , a ferry port with links to the aegadian islands , and trapani train station are within 1 km of the property .
there is free parking on site .
it features rooms with air conditioning .
guest facilities include a barbeque area and a beautiful ornamental lake stocked with japanese carp fish .
main bus station and ferry port can be found in zadar , 45 km away .
massages are available on request .
a 5 - minute drive from rumah nancy is tenganan village , while it takes 15 minutes to drive to kastala trekking area .
the private bathroom includes free toiletries and a hairdryer .
mansion jj is a 10 - minute walk from nana skytrain station .
free beach cruiser bicycles hire is offered near reception at hotel bird rock .
at villa marienholm you will find a garden and free parking .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a bath or shower and a hairdryer .
they offer a lounge area with a flat - screen tv and dvd player .
ile aux oiseaux can be found nearby .
amenities include a flat - screen cable tv and safety deposit box .
it offers free bike hire and rustic - style rooms with parquet floors and a balcony .
for lunch and dinner , guests can dine in the hotel restaurant , which serves traditional moroccan cuisine .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including a water park .
overlooking the garden and the lake , the hotel ' s l ' orangerie restaurant serves international and classic italian cuisine , for lunch and dinner .
the centre of kolymbari village is a 15 - min drive .
it offers free wi - fi access and suites with a fireplace and antique - style furniture .
you can reach the mediterranean sea in 35 minutes by car .
gallipoli is a 30 - minute drive away .
all the rooms features a flat - screen tv , a laptop - size safety deposit box , a refrigerator and an en - suite bathroom with a shower or a bathtub and a hairdryer .
bentota train station is 3 km from the property , while katunayake international airport is 100 km away .
located within a walking distance to gumbet beach , jarra hotel offers an outdoor pool and free wi - fi . it has air - conditioned rooms with a flat - screen tv and balcony .
with plenty of green areas , pousada chácara das roseiras is 10 km from bagé centre .
the property offers free parking .
featuring a balcony with hammocks , tv and minibar , all rooms at santa barbara are equipped with central heating and fireplace .
rounds family ranch is 5 minutes ' drive from these cottages .
located quietly in a farm on the countryside of friesland just outside lemmer , het vijfde seizoen features a terrace and individually decorated rooms with free wifi .
at hotel silver inn you will find facilities like car rental and laundry .
they all feature a mountain view and a seating area .
each air - conditioned room has access to a shared or private sun deck and the room is bright and airy .
air - conditioned rooms are equipped with a cable tv , minibar and en suite bathroom with spa bath .
guests can enjoy excursions to the historical landmarks and sites of the city from the hostel .
hanoi old centre hotel is 45 km from noi bai international airport .
the castell is easily accessible from the ap7 motorway .
offering an outdoor pool and an extensive garden , finca hotel arrayanes del quindio is located 1 . 5 km from montenegro central park . free wifi access is available in all areas .
guesthouse bruschetti is 600 metres from naviglio della martesana canal .
it offers a shared garden with an outdoor pool .
alternatively , the hotel offers laundry and dry cleaning services .
some rooms include a seating area for your convenience .
the kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher and an oven , as well as a coffee machine .
this new hotel lies in the pedestrian area in the heart of essen , 500 metres from essen main station and essen cathedral .
kordon hotel alsancak enjoys a central location in downtown izmir . it is 100 metres from the kordon coastline , and is 10 minutes ’ walk to the konak pier shopping center .
free private parking is provided on site .
the rooms include a freeview tv and tea and coffee making facilities .
guests can visit viseu architectural heritage and enjoy a round of golf at montebelo golf course , located within a 20 - minute drive .
featuring a shower , the private bathroom comes with free toiletries .
the gdańsk - oliwa train station is 2 km away .
you can store your bicycles and surf storage for free .
azzurra hotel is 600 metres from the spanish steps . termini station is just 2 metro stops away .
the property has a private beach area where they can get free non - alcoholic drinks .
501 east is one of boca raton resort ’ s casual on - site restaurants , offering american dishes and a patio with views of the golf course .
other facilities offered at the property include a games room .
it features a restaurant and a sauna .
gasthof kahnwirt is set in its own gardens , equipped with deck chairs , tables and benches , ping pong table and children ' s playground .
bangla road is 1 . 2 km from blue light residence , while phuket simon cabaret is 1 . 2 km from the property .
located within the aldeia das acoteias natural reserve , pine cliffs village & golf suites is a 15 - minute drive from central albufeira .
extras include a sofa , bed linen and a fan .
a full - service spa , casino and choice of fine restaurants are available .
at the missori reception is open 24 hours a day .
free wi - fi is provided throughout the villa .
set in belgrade , apartment vračar offers self - catering accommodation with free wifi .
for convenience , a business centre is provided .
the nearest grocery store is 500 meters away , while a restaurant can be reached in 50 metres .
some studios and apartments feature a sea - view terrace .
rooms also feature tea and coffee facilities , a hairdryer and radio .
shuttle services can be arranged for guests upon request and at a surcharge .
it offers fresh seafood , grilled meals , mezes and dishes prepared with olive oil .
these spacious , fully - equipped villas feature gardens and a private outdoor swimming pool . they are situated in a quiet residential neighbourhood in son bou , 2 km from the beach .
felsentherme spa is 1 . 7 km from chalet apfel by alpen apartments , while stubnerkogelbahn 1 is 1 . 8 km away .
la cicala has a bar and a restaurant serving local and classic italian dishes .
bird watching is available near villars - les - dombes , a 25 - minute drive from the property .
you will find a garden and terrace with barbecue facilities and garden furniture .
palace square is 2 . 6 km from b & b samovar , while hermitage museum is 2 . 7 km away . pulkovo airport is 16 km from the property .
it provides free private parking . free wifi is offered .
located in gémenos , le mas de bertagne offers an outdoor swimming pool , a garden and massage treatments .
each room at the apogeum offers a private bathroom with shower , as well as a flat - screen tv .
laundry with dry cleaning and rental car arrangement facilities are available .
split airport is located 32 km away .
all rooms come with a dining area . they have cable tv , a fridge and a work desk . the en suite bathroom is equipped with toiletries .
activities in the surrounding area include cycling and hiking .
nestled away amidst the lush greenery , aigburth villa overlooks sweeping views of rakwana and suriyakanda hills .
a wide range of water sports including diving , fishing and windsurfing are available at taj exotica .
located on the main road leading from kakopetria to troodos , chrysanthis suites offers a bar and restaurant serving fresh trout .
located 3 minutes ’ walk from the lynnwood convention center , this north seattle hotel offers comfortable guest rooms with free wifi and provides a daily hot breakfast buffet .
for lunch and dinner , a variety of restaurants and cafes can be found along the trendy camps bay promenade , just opposite the beach .
it features a mahogany entrance door and functional décor .
the manali bus station is 2 . 2 km away , chandigarh railway station is 297 km and chandigarh airport is 313 km from the property .
the property also offers discounted price for some tours on the islands near krk .
a sweet and savoury breakfast is offered daily .
all of them have heating .
michigan state university is 25 miles away .
there is also a lounge with a gallery which overlooks the square below .
it is set in a quiet area , 800 metres from chihuahua convention centre . plaza de armas square is a 5 - minute drive away .
staff can arrange car rental and free private parking is provided on site .
a daily continental breakfast is included .
friends house sits 600 metres from larcomar shopping centre and 18 km from jorge chavez international airport .
the property offers free parking .
situated 100 metres from tikkurila train station , this hotel is a 10 - minute drive from helsinki - vantaa airport .
the property offers luggage storage for guests ’ convenience .
guests can cook in the kitchen equipped with a fridge , microwave and stove .
bed linen and towels are provided .
a private bathroom comes with a shower and a hairdryer .
la barca ’ s café - bar serves snacks and drinks throughout the day .
a bread delivery service is available upon request and against a surcharge .
attractions near the hotel weidenmühle include the marienkirche church . this is a 10 - minute walk away .
the city of perth is just 30 minutes ’ drive away .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
every room also comes with a private bathroom fitted with shower . other comforts include slippers , free toiletries and towels .
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and a refrigerator .
the apartments were renovated in 2015 and additionally include a kitchen .
it offers self - catering accommodation with air conditioning and it has a swimming pool and a bar .
huesca city centre , known for its churches , is within a short walk .
daily housekeeping is available .
yuzhniy is 48 km from guesthouse irina , while divnomorskoye is 45 km away .
free wifi access is among the convenient amenities available at this sayre , oklahoma , hotel .
the property offers free parking .
each morning breakfast is served in the breakfast room .
izhevsk airport is 40 minutes away by car .
apartament laguna kościuszki offers self - catering accommodation located in the seaside resort of świnoujście .
featuring free wifi , a seasonal outdoor pool and a barbecue , guest house argo offers accommodation in solnechnogorskoye , 41 km from yalta .
riviera maya mini - hotel in the center of st . petersburg features free wifi throughout the property .
the studio is composed of a living area with a large bed and a fully equipped kitchenette with a breakfast bar .
the kitchen features a stove , refrigerator , coffee machine , electric kettle , and toaster , as well as a dining table for 4 persons .
with free wi - fi , it also has an outdoor hot tub .
the closest restaurants , shops , bars and cafés are located in the village centre and can be reached within 10 minutes on foot .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
the popular baredine caves can be visited 7 km away .
the private bathroom includes free toiletries , bathrobe and slippers .
the lobby lounge features light fare and a variety of cocktails .
the en suite bathroom includes a hairdryer and free toiletries .
a swimming pool with a poolside patio is featured at this resort on the lake of the ozarks in osage beach .
a tv is provided .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including canoeing and bird watching .
it features free wi - fi access is provided .
the franciscan monastery is 300 metres away and makarska bus station is 600 metres from the property .
the nearest airport is pulkovo airport , 14 km from the property .
certain rooms have a seating area for your convenience .
quality inn & suites winter park village area hotel is adjacent to a major highway system and offers quick and easy access to all the main orlando destinations , including walt disney world resort , seaworld orlando , universal studios florida , islands of adventure , arabian nights and pirate ' s dinner adventure .
the property offers on - site mountain bike tracks .
gazipasa - alanya airport is 40 km away .
there is a dining area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher , an oven and microwave .
hotel sun is close to several exhibition centres where a number of international trade fairs take place .
innsbruck airport is located 41 km from the property .
the restaurant offers local specialities and a buffet breakfast served in a chalet style restaurant .
the en suite bathroom comes with a shower , towels and free toiletries .
the market , an all dining restaurant , riwaz the indian fine dining restaurant , the lantern , the multi - level chinese restaurant and bar offers the finest selection of cuisines , while cocktails can be enjoyed at the ritz - carlton bar or an afternoon tea experience at the lobby lounge .
the private bathroom is complete with a shower , free toiletries and hairdryer .
le mas du ruisseau offers self - catering apartments and is located 1 . 5 km from bellegarde , in the camargue region .
ufa international airport is located 21 km away .
the property offers free parking .
all of this hotel ’ s bright rooms feature air conditioning and a private bathroom with hairdryer , as well as a tv and a desk .
haus marion is within 200 metres of the ski areas ahornbahn and penkenbahn , the wiesenhof toboggan run , mayrhofen town centre , shops , and cross country ski trails . mayrhofen train station is 1 km away .
situated by lake nossen , this family - owned property is 3 km from vimmerby .
guests staying at munay ledesma can request assistance at the 24 - hour front desk .
there is no on - site restaurant in this property while guests can find many restaurants easily within steps .
guests can cook their meals in the on - site fully equipped kitchen , complete with a dining area , and free tea - and - coffee making facilities .
this all - suite hotel is located 10 minutes ’ drive from ebing air national guard base and boasts an outdoor pool and a patio with barbecue facilities . university of arkansas - fort smith is 4 miles away .
the property is 600 metres from national museum of iceland and 900 metres from harpa concert hall & conference centre .
some units include a terrace and / or patio .
there is also a kitchenette , fitted with a fridge .
towels and bed linen are provided .
it offers free parking and free continental breakfast .
a rocky beach is reached by a staircase from the hotel .
they also offer a private bathroom , electric blankets and a dining table .
coleman park , on the shores of lake coleman , is 2 . 5 miles away .
executive inn west columbia offers a flat - screen cable tv in every room and provides a 24 - hour front desk .
private bathrooms also come with a shower .
it offers cosy rooms with free wi - fi .
a computer , printer , scanner and photocopy machine are available for a fee .
for your comfort , you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer .
moho m hostel ’ s guests have access to the stylish common kitchen including a coffee machine .
some rooms feature a private balcony .
a tv with cable channels is available .
featuring an indoor pool and an outdoor pool with sun loungers , hotel delfin is located in izola .
check in is at the owner ' s house .
the private bathroom is fitted with a shower .
casa mila is around 5 km from the historic centre of palermo .
harrisburg city centre is 12 minutes ’ drive from the hotel .
guests can use a ski storage room with a ski boot dryer .
strawberry park resort provides luggage storage , currency exchange and laundry services .
set in curtea de arges within 500 metres from the old city centre and the st .
the hotel ’ s 24 - hour front desk provides luggage storage services .
staff can also help arrange tours .
fewtor place is located less than a 15 - minute drive from lamai beach .
offering free bike rental , a furnished garden with table tennis and table soccer , and a terrace , hotel adriana boasts a quiet location only 150 metres from the beach .
situated on the edge of the pedestrian zone , this hotel is perfect for exploring the beautiful münsterland region while staying close to the shops and amenities of a town .
the apartment has a furnished terrace , well - equipped kitchen and free wifi access .
free private parking is available on site .
prestige apartment kaliska 9 offers accommodation in warsaw , 1 . 4 km from warsaw uprising museum .
bicycle storage is available on site .
featuring an outdoor pool and free wi - fi throughout , villa giorgia is 7 . 5 km from scopello .
it offers free wi - fi in public areas , and a garden where breakfast is served in summer .
the nearest airport is kazan international airport , 15 km from the property .
it provides free private parking .
tropical fruits , cereals and breads are served on the breakfast buffet in the hotel ’ s restaurant , as well as tea , coffee and juices .
this property is 1 . 3 km from alameda park and from the local market .
mustang beach airport is 5 minutes ' drive from the property .
guests can arrange for day trips to the ocean park , or activities such as whale watching . those who prefer to stay in can enjoy the fresh air and calming views of nature from the indoor or outdoor seating area .
these bright , one - bedroom apartments are located just 150 metres from levant beach in the centre of salou .
the kitchen area is complete with modern cooking facilities and a dining table .
perugia is only a 35 - minute drive away and this farm stay is 76 km from ancona falconara airport .
rooms are functional decorated .
all air conditioned , they also feature free wi - fi , a flat - screen tv , minibar and tea / coffee maker .
the montreal complex also has a bar and restaurant .
the cours saleya fower market in the old town is a 10 - minute walk away .
parking and internet access are free .
this apartment offers two twin bedrooms .
it ’ s the ideal place for a restful stay near the mountains .
offering a restaurant , royal garden that serves indian and international cuisine , royal park hotel is located in chitwan . it is 150 metres from rapti river .
rooms suitable for wheelchair users are available .
the property offers a shared kitchen and a shared lounge .
right on the water ' s edge is the protea hotel by marriott pretoria centurion restaurant , with its contemporary african atmosphere .
there are many local shops , malls and restaurants in the surrounding area .
it offers free parking , a hot tub and an outdoor pool .
the air - conditioned rooms include a refrigerator , and an electric kettle with green tea bags .
the apartinn apartments and suites all feature a private bathroom , satellite tv and a seating area .
free wi - fi is provided in filin hotel , located in zavolzhsky district of yaroslavl , 5 minutes ’ walk from filin train station .
guests can enjoy the on - site bar and à la carte restaurant .
the nearest airport is copenhagen kastrup airport , 7 km from westend penthouse apartment .
you can enjoy city view .
located just 500 metres from carrizalillo beach , fabiola ' s suites at hotel suites la hacienda suites is a colonial - style building with an outdoor pool and gardens .
free private parking is available on site .
guests are also welcome to relax in the wine cellar .
las lajas is 39 km away .
günzburg train station is 4 km away and the a8 motorway is 3 minutes by car .
set in a restored 18th - century convent in the green hills of minho province , golden tulip braga ( falperra ) offers indoor and outdoor pools for children and adults , a health club & spa and tennis court .
all rooms at family - run agriturismo la terrafeatures a desk and a small fridge .
each apartment also has a bathroom with a shower .
a 24 - hour reception greets guests of inn rainbow .
guests can use the table tennis for free .
the boat haus café is located on the beach and serves a variety of italian dishes , continental delights and fresh seafood .
stutteri has a large garden , terraces and a children ’ s playground .
free - to - use bbq facilities are also provided .
apartment jozefina also includes a barbecue .
guests of shore winds motel daytona beach will have access to a 24 - hour reception . free parking is also possible on site .
situated 200 metres from the e45 motorway , the 19th - century hotel aarslev kro offers free parking and rooms with seating areas and a tv . aarhus aadal golf club is a 10 - minute drive away .
all the rooms here will provide you with a flat - screen tv and air conditioning .
the hotel offers free parking , a café and flat - screen tvs .
guests are also welcome to use the on - site barbecue facilities in the summer months .
they are fitted with air conditioning , a tv and a minibar with fridge .
a special shallow pool is provided for children as well as a playground .
offering an outdoor pool , waterhouse guest lodge in waterkloof is located in pretoria .
guests may park their cars at the nearby municipal parking without any charge .
pula airport is 15 minutes ' drive away .
free wifi is provided .
secure , private parking and garages are available on site , upon prior reservation and subject to availability .
free wifi is available throughout the property and free private parking is available on site .
comfortable suites come with a fireplace
sequoia springs golf club is 3 km and campbell river airport is 9 km from the property .
offering a balcony overlooking the main beaches of marsalforn , this accommodation comes with a kitchenette , washing machine and a flat - screen tv .
piazza venezia is 700 metres from colosseo apartment - book we do , while domus aurea is 700 metres from the property .
there is a seating area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher , an oven and a microwave .
the laxman jhula is 10 km away and the girija devi temple is 12 km away .
free private parking is available at the hostel for guests that arrive by car .
de reiz villa dago pakar is a 15 - minute drive from bandung city centre as well as well - know factory outlet area and a 30 - minute drive to husein sastranegara international airport .
free use of bicycles is available at the property and the area is popular for cycling .
set in kopaonik , this apartment features free wifi .
i mulini features direct access to its private beach .
guests at the staybridge suites fiesta can work out in the gym and relax in the hot tub .
located in selcuk , cella hotel & spa ephesus features an outdoor pool , spa & wellness facilities , turkish bath and a sauna .
guests can enjoy indian and chinese specialties at the in - house restaurant , milky way .
coffee - making facilities are also provided in the rooms so guests can jump start their day .
the hotel features an outdoor swimming pool , guest laundry facilities , a bar and a restaurant .
free wi - fi access is available in this holiday home .
attention to detail is integral to the ethos of the hotel and the subdued palette runs throughout the tastefully decorated guest rooms .
a 10 - minute drive from seminyak , villa andaman offers a comfortable stay with free wi - fi access and cushioned gazebos by the outdoor pool .
featuring free wifi and a barbecue , guesthouse alupkinskoe 10 - 23 offers pet - friendly accommodation in gaspra .
each air - conditioned bungalow comes with wood flooring , free wi - fi and a private terrace .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and slippers .
le clos des monts proposes a guest room and a self - catering 2 - bedroom apartment with free wi - fi internet access .
towels are featured .
guests can relax on the terrace and enjoy the scenic landscapes . activities range from horse riding , hiking and fishing .
anapa theatre and the anapa water park are a 10 - minute walk away .
dining is available in the evenings for in - house guests by request .
it offers elegant accommodation with a tv set and a kitchenette .
grand baie is 6 km from auberge la colombe bed and breakfast , while flic - en - flac is 32 km from the property .
shops are located within 800m and restaurants within 2km .
guests can enjoy a drink at the on - site bar .
the apartment is bright and spacious , with a seating area and a flat - screen tv . there is also a dvd player .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with towels .
featuring a hairdryer , private bathroom also comes with a bidet and bathrobes .
a 24 - hour front desk can assist guests with laundry services and room service for those who ’ d prefer to dine in instead .
shared kitchen facilities are at guests ’ disposal .
local specialities and international food is served at the restaurant of the oasis .
the shops at prudential center is 900 metres from encore b & b , while john hancock tower is 900 metres away .
bathrobes and free toiletries are offered in the private bathroom .
shops and restaurants can be found within 1 . 5 km .
the kremlin and the red square are a 20 - minute walk from the hostel .
cabañas la villa del montañes is 1 . 5 km from the city centre and the bus terminal .
located just a 10 - minute walk from the beach in théoule - sur - mer , villa i max offers a private outdoor pool and a sun terrace . this self - catering accommodation features free wifi .
bed linen is included .
start your excursions through the seewinkel and retreat afterwards to this wonderful oasis of peace , to pamper body and soul in the large wellness area .
there is a private bathroom with a bath .
derzhprom and universitet metro stations are a 5 - minute walk from the kharkov hotel .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with a bathtub .
fine chinese dining is available at tein he restaurant , while breakfast is served at the rooftop chin tien restaurant .
at one - bedroom chalet at stella makadi resort you will find a garden and a terrace .
pension wiesenau offers a grocery delivery service and a tour desk with ticket service .
each room at leonardo hotel charleroi city center comes with a tv , a work desk and a telephone .
rocky and pebbly beaches can be reached in a 3 - minute walk , while punta corrente , reachable in a 15 - minute walk , features pebbly city beaches surrounded by a pine tree forest .
there is also the adults - only blue moon restaurant offering gourmet international cuisine .
the hotel has an outdoor pool and views of the sea , and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant or a drink at the bar .
the well - equipped kitchen includes an oven , dishwasher , microwave , and kitchenware , as well as a washing machine .
a tv is provided .
a microwave , a fridge and kitchenware are also provided .
they are all equipped with work desks and en suite bathroom facilities , and some rooms have mountain views .
they include a cable tv .
at a surcharge , guests have access to a fitness centre and a hot tub .
guests can enjoy a meal at the on - site restaurant .
guests can prepare meals on the barbeque at the open equipped terrace with sun loungers .
irkutsk international airport is 3 km from the property .
there is also storage space at the apartment for ski equipment .
guests have a 20 % discount in both facilities .
bonza view also includes a hot tub and offers massage treatments .
bianco offers breakfast each morning .
leonardo art by the beach features a rooftop pool , sun terrace and bar offering stunning views of the mediterranean sea and the marina .
hotel ' s staff can provide information on local attractions and helps to arrange tours , vehicle rentals and hot - air balloon flights . an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling and hiking .
a sweet and savoury breakfast , with home - made jams , is offered daily .
all of them have fully equipped kitchens and full bathrooms .
the kitchen is equipped with an oven and a microwave .
with a total of 5 bathrooms , 4 of them are en suite .
other amenities include flat - screen tv , a tea / coffee maker and a fridge .
big family apartment and rooms is located in the 07 . erzsébetváros district in budapest , 700 metres from dohany street synagogue and 900 metres from hungarian national museum .
located 5 km from muro , eden luca villa offers an outdoor pool , a garden , a terrace and barbecue facilities . can picafort beach is 20 minutes ’ drive away .
the inn also offers free use of bicycles .
the hotel restaurant serves regional specialities , using fresh , local produce .
a supermarket is 100 metres away . the tulcea train station and a bus stop are 250 metres away .
towels and bed linen are offered at best mikhailovsky .
hotel tsentralnaya features free wifi .
counter culture restaurant offers a breakfast and brunch menu served daily .
from may until october , guests also receive the bregenzerwald card , which includes free admission for the local cable cars , free access to the local public pools and free use of the rural bus .
in the evening you can relax in dal moro gallery ' s wine bar , accompanied by live piano music . choose from over 100 different regional and international wines and a large selection of grappa .
additionaly , the owner can arrange guided tours in rio for an additional fee .
the hotel has a bar and a regional - style restaurant and with a good selection of wines .
quayside is 1 . 5 km from budget apartment shields road , while northumbria university is 1 . 8 km away .
asumi onsen features a hot spring bath and japanese - style and western rooms .
guests are invited to the independent and well - equipped apartments or the suites which provide breakfast and room service .
bedrooms include a cd player .
each room has a balcony and a private bathroom with a shower .
a grocery store is located in the same building as the apartments , while the closest restaurant is just 50 metres away .
the bathroom includes a shower .
located just 2 blocks away from 5th avenue and 800 meters from the beach , lobo de mar offers first class dorms with air conditioning , free wifi , private bathroom , extra large lockers and super comfortable and private beds .
the staff at the central office is available 24 hours a day .
most units at apartments & rooms knego offer free wi - fi .
featuring a private balcony , the living and sleeping area comes with a flat - screen tv and double bed .
the ground floor includes the bedroom with 2 single beds and a sofa bed .
an on - site restaurant serves both vietnamese and western food .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
there is a seating area and a kitchen as well as a private bathroom .
appartement le télémark is located in châtel , just 700 metres from super châtel ski slopes and cable car .
the nearest beach is la marinedda 1 . 5 km from the property .
free wi - fi is available in public areas .
the ski / hiking bus stop is only a few steps away from the haus renate .
featuring a bath or shower , private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and bathrobes .
free wifi is provided and free private parking is available on site .
the hotel offers 24 - hour reception , a 24 - hour café - bar , free wi - fi and rooms with flat - screen tvs .
this family run hotel is housed in a fully renovated 19th century stone building .
ever room includes a tv , a refrigerator and a private bathroom .
it is situated 10 km from gaillac and its train station .
with a modern - style décor , these self - catering apartments offer free wifi and a living room with a flat - screen tv .
a variety of restaurants including penn station east coast subs and fazoli ' s are within 5 minutes ’ walk of this hotel .
you can engage in various activities , such as skiing and hiking .
all rooms have a fan .
piazza navona is a 2 - minute walk away .
archontiko dintsiou is a traditional guesthouse located in siatista in kozani .
laundry services and free private parking are possible at hostel maribo .
the rooms also have picturesque views from the windows .
located in budapest , 400 metres from the corvin negyed and metro stop , apartment sophia is a fully furnished accommodation with free wifi access .
the rehoboth boardwalk is 5 minutes ' drive from the motel . dewey beach is 10 minutes ' walk away .
the hotel ’ s gym is fitted with state - of - the - art fitness equipment .
planet apartments is set in prato nevoso . cuneo can be reached in 55 minutes ' drive .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
split airport is at a distance of 25 km and a pick - up can be organised .
guests at the marroad hotel can enjoy a work - out in the fitness gym or relax in the public bath at an extra charge .
extras include a desk , a safety deposit box and bed linen .
a 24 - hour gym , a resting area with wall waterfalls and therapeutic massages are available at the spa .
featuring free wifi throughout the property , b & b san vito offers accommodation in trento .
dresden - neustadt train station is a 12 - minute walk away .
guests staying at the old field house intervale can enjoy an on - site games room .
you can also take a swim in the outdoor swimming pool filled with calcium rich pamukkale water .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a bath or shower .
best western samantta ’ s restaurant offers an early breakfast , a lunch buffet and an à la carte dinner menu .
ibis budget málaga aeropuerto avenida de velazquez has a 24 - hour bar and café , and a restaurant offering typical spanish dishes in the evenings .
the surrounding area has plenty of shops , bars and restaurants .
located 1 . 4 km from sitges convention bureau and 2 . 8 km from sitges - aiguadolç marina , apartment florina offers accommodation in sitges .
san gimignano and siena are both 30 km away .
the rooms offer air conditioning , flat - screen tv , fridge , electric kettle and a balcony with a sea view .
along the croisette you will find many shops and restaurants .
free parking is possible on site and an airport shuttle is available for a surcharge .
bars and cafes can be found along the malecón promenade .
this guesthouse is located in the heart of reykjavik , just around the corner from the bustling laugavegur shopping street .
you can also spend some relaxing time in the bar while enjoying drinks .
free private parking is possible on site .
a selection of restaurants and shops are within a 5 - minute bicycle ride .
la terraza apartment by feelfree rentals is a self - catering accommodation located in san sebastian . the property is 2 minutes ́ walk from la concha beach .
guests can enjoy a drink at paddy ’ s irish pub or stop by the golf grille for casual american cuisine .
at mount crest inn deniyaya you will find a garden .
the apartment has a kitchen , equipped with everything you need to cook a meal .
each spacious , modern room at the exe ciudad de córdoba has tiled floors and plenty of natural light .
lienz can be reached within a 45 - minute drive .
maritime lounge features light snacks and drinks .
located in zaostrov ' ye , rybolovno - ohotnichya baza nasosnaya offers a children ' s playground and terrace . free wifi is featured .
a dining area and a well equipped kitchen with a water dispenser are available in the house , while a sofa set and a flat - screen cable tv are included in the living area .
casa douro is a detached holiday home situated in porto in the norte region region and is 1 . 4 km from bessa football stadium .
various cafes are a 5 - minute walk away .
each room at the pink house is fitted with a balcony and a shared bathroom .
other facilities like a ticket service are offered .
embassy beach is located 900 metres from san martin park , 1 . 2 km from the city ' s main square and 1 . 3 km from san clemente church .
valencia airport is located 12 km away .
guests can easily find local restaurants , located within a 3 - minute walk from the hostel .
the rooms offer garden views and are equipped with tea and coffee facilities .
espe academy aix - marseille university is 900 metres from fanette , while espe aix - en - provence university is 900 metres away .
free wi - fi is available in public areas of the chateau and private parking is available on site .
the famous st thomas church is 4 km from the guest house .
friedrichshafen airport and lake constance are each a 15 - minute drive away .
free private parking is available on site .
the olomouc zoo , as well as the svatý kopeček pilgrimage place , is located at the distance of 12 km .
at a surcharge , guests can use a safety deposit box .
friedrichstrasse shopping street and the famous checkpoint charlie are a 10 - minute walk away .
rooms and suites feature a seating area , a coffee machine and a private bathroom with a bath or shower .
the inn can be reached after an hour ’ s drive from the ngurah rai international airport , followed by a 30 - minute speed boat ride from bali ’ s sanur beach .
samaria gorge is at a distance of 45 km , while the famous beaches of falasarna and balos 29 km away .
set on the ss 16 national road , it offers rooms with a balcony , and free parking .
for your comfort , you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer .
treviso airport is a 50 - minute drive from the property .
set in ulaanbaatar , 3 km from ulaanbaatar opera house , sod hotel features free wifi access and free private parking .
moscow city centre is a 15 - minute metro ride and a ride to crocus city expo centre takes 40 minutes with the blue line .
guestrooms offer both air - conditioning and heating facilities .
ryokan ohashi provides a free shuttle service from jr kurayoshi train station , a 25 - minute drive away .
all rooms come with a desk , a fridge and an electric kettle with green tea bags .
wow hills also houses a beautiful outdoor garden with seating areas and barbeque facilities are available upon request .
buffet breakfasts , lunch and evening meals can also be booked by all guests at feriendorf fuchsberg .
cala en porter is just 10 minutes ' drive away .
a cold lunch and dinner options are also available , and can be enjoyed on the terrace .
chile adventure experience is a short stroll from an array of restaurants and shops .
the air - conditioned rooms feature a seating area , a flat - screen cable tv , a minibar , and a bathroom .
meeting facilities are on site at the norcross super 8 and fax and photocopying facilities are also available .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property . you can play billiards at the hotel .
rooms have a tv with cable channels .
krabi international airport is 27 km from simply resort aonang .
free wifi is available in the entire apartment .
located in loutraki , noble inn offers spacious and fully equipped accommodation with large verandas and a lovely furnished garden . free wifi is available throughout .
the property is only a 4 - minute walk from schwatka lake and just 1 km from erik nielsen whitehorse international airport .
spacious rooms at the president hotel feature a flat - screen tv , air conditioning , a minibar , a safe and an electric kettle .
the shady garden features barbecue facilities , while guests can also find a restaurant and a grocery store for self - catering a 5 - minute walk away .
taxis are available just outside the property .
private rooms come with a balcony , an outdoor seating area and an en suite bathroom .
located in the gulf of guinea on the island of são tomé and príncipe , hotel miramar by pestana offers an outdoor swimming pool , terrace with sun loungers and a garden .
vorokhta is 12 km from chalet adriana . ivano - frankivsk airport is 62 km from the property .
the hotel has a gift shop and a tour desk .
it provides 2 free outdoor pools and a large garden .
all rooms at the firenze porta rossa hotel include air conditioning , a minibar and private bathroom .
madison square garden is 483 metres from the times square element . nbc studios and rockefeller center are 1 . 6 km from the hotel .
there is a dining area and a kitchenette as well as a private bathroom . a tv is available . other facilities at splendore include a seasonal outdoor pool .
simply decorated , rooms here are all fitted with wooden flooring .
bathrooms have hot - water showers and a hairdryer .
wired internet is provided on request .
casa vacanze oristano is 25 km from the city of oristano .
guests can enjoy a relaxing massage at the spa , that also features a fitness centre and an indoor pool , turkish bath , and a sauna .
located in the pedestrian area of zell ’ s historic centre , this non - smoking hotel is near the famous “ schwarze katze ” fountain , just 100 metres from the river moselle .
accommodation will provide you with a tv , air conditioning and a balcony .
the apartment will provide you with a living room , with a double sofa bed , an open kitchen , and a bathroom .
12 gods resort features free wifi throughout the property .
alicante airport is 45 minutes ’ drive away .
muelle de las almas is 15 km away .
fresh seafood dishes and refreshing beverages are also available .
it has an outdoor pool , and the air - conditioned rooms have free wifi , cable tv and fans .
the hotel is 8 . 1 km from tayrona park , 300 metres from santa marta cathedral and 600 metres from santa marta gold museum .
the in - house restaurant serves multi - cuisine dishes .
the restaurant provides south tyrolean specialities .
each room has a shared bathroom .
the 24 - hour front desk can arrange luggage storage and shuttle services for an extra fee .
the property features views of the garden is 39 km from egmond aan zee .
the private bathroom comes with toiletries and hairdryer .
potos is 18 km from meltemi villa .
an organic food and drinks menu awaits guests at chill porch cuisine .
the unit is fitted with a kitchen .
the 24 - hour front desk also provides basic business services like fax and photocopying .
it has a fitness centre , an outdoor swimming pool , a sauna and hot tub .
wind and kite serving beaches are approximately a 15 - minute drive away and a supermarket can be found within a short walk .
guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant .
it features air - conditioned rooms , free wifi throughout , and a bar on site .
kiskunfélegyháza city , where a wide choice of dining and grocery shopping options are available , can be reached within a 20 - minute drive .
situated in bang rak , this air - conditioned apartment features a balcony with river views . the unit is 4 km from bangkok .
guests can enjoy breakfast made with local organic produce , served in the in the lovely conservatory .
agropoli is 15 km away
the dendrarium is 1 . 5 km from zhemchug hotel , and the sochi port is 2 km away .
guests can also enjoy free wi - fi access at all public areas .
guests enjoy free bicycle rental and free on - site parking . free wi - fi access is also available throughout the hotel .
uralskaya metro station is 20 minutes ' walk from apartments in yekaterinburg , providing quick access to the city centre .
coyote creek golf club and gilroy premium outlet mall are both a 12 - minute drive away .
boasting a water park , a private beach area and a fitness centre , jpark island resort & waterpark cebu offers luxurious rooms on the beachfront of mactan .
hiking and cycling are popular in the surrounding countryside .
local buses stop just outside the door , bringing guests to central risør and its picturesque wooden houses within 10 minutes .
guests can enjoy european and tatar meals in the hotel ' s restaurant .
fresh flowers , 2 free bottles of water and snacks are provided daily in rooms .
this 3 - bedroom cottage is set within a private garden and offers a terrace with a barbecue and garden furniture .
located a 10 - minute drive from the saalbach hinterglemm leogang ski area and next to the cross - country ski trail , chalet 3 musketiers offers its units with a free ski storage .
some units have views of the mountains or city and the deluxe rooms face the race course .
featuring modern thai décor , guest rooms at the hotel have attached bathrooms with hot shower facilities . each room is equipped with a tv and minibar .
free private parking is possible on site .
the delicious food offer consists of a breakfast including the local dairy speciality basa , home - made cheese .
the property provides free private parking on site , and is located 1 km from the centre of palau , while olbia - costa smeralda airport is a 50 - minute drive away .
most rooms benefit from an en suite bathroom , while others have an external private bathroom for guests ’ use only .
the restaurant serves sunday lunches , hearty cooked breakfasts and seasonal specials .
port alberni howard johnson hotel also features an on - site liquor store .
all apartments have a kitchen with a refrigerator , a seating area and a private bathroom .
the american university is 5 minutes away by car .
it is romantically decorated with antique furniture and guests are invited to relax in the garden or by the fireplace in the lounge .
all rooms feature a tv and a private bathroom with shower and free toiletries .
it offers air - conditioned accommodation and free wi - fi throughout .
teruel train station is 10 minutes ’ walk away .
aphrodite ' s inn offers a lounge with fireplace , rich traditional breakfast and rooms with private balcony and heating .
they all feature a refrigerator , heating , satellite tv and a private bathroom .
dan hotel also offers room service and a complimentary coffee / tea service on the terrace .
guests can start their day with a buffet breakfast .
free parking is available near the premises .
there are also many cafés and restaurants near the hotel an der oper .
there is luggage storage space at the property .
this is a 4 - room house and it is around 100 m2 .
at the lodge at lake laberge you will find a garden , barbecue facilities and a terrace . other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge .
o ' higgings park is 900 metres from margaritas hostal , while museo del pasado cuyano is 1 . 9 km away .
sainte - croix lake is just 5 km away and the verdon gorge are 7 km away . guests can enjoy lavender fields on the plateau de valensole , 9 km away . access to a 51 motorway is possible 50 km away , while digne - les - bains train station is 45 km away .
accommodation will provide you with a tv , a seating area and cable channels .
some rooms have a private toilet and a games room .
charlie lake provincial park is 13 km and beatton provincial park is 15 km away .
the train station is 4 km away and clermont - ferrand airport is 50 km away .
the resort also has a children ' s play corner and barbecue facilities .
the bright rooms at the sun & earth villa are decorated with tiled floors and wooden furniture .
private bathroom has a shower and the toilet is equipped with an electronic bidet .
chaidee guesthouse and restaurant is located in bangkok , 500 metres from khao san road .
at el palacio del corregidor you will find a shared lounge , a tour desk and luggage storage .
free parking is offered . vending machines featuring drinks are located on - site .
soothe hotel is favourably located on a headland on an inlet of the mediterranean , known as kalamar bay , just around the corner from kalkan ' s main marina .
each with a private pool amidst a lush garden with olive and fruit trees , villas armeno enjoy panoramic views of the ionian sea .
set 1 . 5 km from zagreb airport , rooms garden zagreb airport offers air - conditioned rooms in velika gorica . free wifi access and free parking are available .
traditional russian food is served in the vechnyy zov hotel ’ s à la carte restaurant with pretty conservatory .
local restaurants are within a 15 - minute drive away , serving regional cuisines and wines .
the full kitchen is equipped with a hob and oven .
etno garden exclusive rooms is located in plitvica selo , about 400 metres from the entrance 3 to the unesco - protected plitvice lakes national park .
doubletree hotel irvine spectrum features an outdoor swimming pool and hot tub .
it offers a lobby bar and rooms with a flat screen satellite tv and free wi - fi .
guests can reach palm jumeirah with a 10 minutes ' drive .
piter hotels is located in saint petersburg , within a 10 - minute walk of gorkovskaya and petrogradskaya metro stations , providing easy access to any point in the city .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
the apartments feature light décor with splashes of bold colours and wooden floors .
misión orizaba offers a 24 - hour reception with a tour desk .
wi - fi in the entire property and free wi - fi are provided here .
located in the heart of hue city , crown hotel operates a 24 - hour front desk and provides comfortable rooms with free wi - fi access .
guests can enjoy bathing in the spacious public baths and relax in the garden terrace .
the rooms are equipped with a tv , a desk and a refrigerator . the private bathroom comes with a shower .
at aanhetgrotebos you can enjoy nature in the garden , or use the barbecue facilities on the terrace .
tea and coffee - making facilities are provided .
my home - istanbul offers free private parking on site , and modernly decorated rooms with a private kitchenette and free wi - fi .
guests can enjoy free access to tennis courts and table tennis facilities .
rooms are modern and air conditioned and each comes with an lcd satellite tv and private bathroom .
a laundry service is offered , and the amadeus has a 24 - hour reception .
the house includes a tv and a balcony .
planet inn hotel baku features free wifi throughout the property .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling .
operating a 24 - hour front desk to assist guests , kumarakom houseboats is located in kumarakom .
the rosskopf ski slopes are 3 km away .
set in andorra ’ s ordino valley , hotel sant miquel is just 12 km from vallnord ski resort .
at romaguera guest house you will find a shared kitchen where you can prepare your own meals .
moroccan dishes made from fresh products are available on request for lunch and dinner . there is also a bar next to the lap pool .
the property includes 2 bathrooms and an equipped kitchen , featuring a dining area .
it is a 5 - minute drive from the playmobil fun park and 20 minutes from nuremberg .
it offers spacious rooms , free wi - fi , private parking and panoramic views .
the property is a 1 - minute walk from the vistula river .
herzstein memorial museum is less than 50 miles away .
the kitchen is fully equipped with a microwave , refrigerator and dishwasher .
guest house on neteka is located in suzdal , 600 metres from the historic centre .
you can enjoy pool view from the room .
a 5 - minute walk from the train station and close to dartmoor , this victorian town house is situated in the heart of exeter .
dinard brittany airport is 5 km away .
it is a short walk from the beach and within a 7 - minute drive of the nightlife on bangla road .
the rooms at merab hotel include a tv and a minibar .
jardin alpin 3 ski lift is 300 metres from apartment bouquetins , while coqs ski lift is 500 metres from the property .
free private parking is possible 50 metres from the property and the belfort citadel is 6 km away .
all rooms have a safe and balcony , a private bathroom with amenities and a tv .
run by the gilmozzi family for over 2 generations , hotel grünwald offers tyrolean style rooms with wooden furniture , carpeted floors , and private bathroom .
some rooms have sea views or whirlpool baths .
offering free wi - fi , hattlerhof is 2 . 5 km from the centre of brunico .
etna wine azienda agrituristica is set at walking distance from the mounta etna park .
free wifi is provided .
the park inn by radisson stands opposite alexanderplatz station , which offers bus , tram , underground and s - bahn rail links to all parts of berlin .
the sheraton is within easy walking distance to shops , outdoor cafés and cultural attractions of zagreb .
drinks are served in the lounge bar .
there is also a kitchen in some of the units , fitted with a microwave and toaster .
offering an outdoor pool , pousada cantinho suiço is located in penedo . free wifi and free breakfast are available in this lodge .
they also include a private bathroom with a shower and toilet .
the nearest airport is vnukovo international airport , 25 km from the property .
the kitchen has a dishwasher and an oven , as well as a coffee machine and a kettle .
free private parking is available on site .
bačvice beach can be reach in a 10 - minute walk away .
there is also a kitchen , equipped with an oven . a refrigerator and stovetop are also offered , as well as a kettle .
featuring free wi - fi , domus gallo is located in rome and offers rooms with a private bathroom . it is 2 km from the colosseum and 3 km from circus maximus .
virgin valley museum is 5 minutes ' drive away .
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge , a tour desk and luggage storage .
offering a restaurant , penzión house hamm is located in vranov nad topľou .
the turnersee golf course is 3 km away .
the living room comes with a sofa , flat - screen tv , cd and dvd player .
guests can relax with a refreshing drink in the bar . the property offers a fitness centre .
you can sit and relax at the hotel ’ s large courtyard in the shade of umbrellas .
the bathrooms come with a shower , and towels and bed linen are provided .
free private parking is available near the hotel .
a bus stop and grocery shop are at a distance of 50 metres .
huge sand dunes , vast open spaces and the magic of the tunisian sahara : that is what the el mouradi douz invites you to discover .
amenities in each unit include a telephone and a minibar .
this ground - floor apartment exits to a sun terrace with barbecue facilities and the pool .
le borgia hotel ' s restaurant has a terrace overlooking the lake and the hotel has a business centre available .
extras include slippers and free toiletries .
the large , air - conditioned rooms have a private balcony or terrace , cable tv , and a safe .
rössle raggal is located just 200 metres from raggal ski lift . the local ski bus is a 5 minute walk away and provides good connections to the larger ski area damüls - mellau .
a hairdryer is provided in the private bathroom .
the hotel also has a bar serving drinks and cocktails by the pool .
guests can use the fully equipped kitchen with a stove , oven , microwave and fridge .
guesthouse pineapple is 1 . 5 km from karon circle and 7 km from patong centre .
featuring a common kitchen and offering a 24 - hour reception , this hostel is 400 metres away from the budapest ' s m2 blaha lujza square metro station . free bed linen , free wi - fi and a common computer are provided .
a washing machine is at guests ’ disposal .
crocus expo is 1 . 5 km away , and myakinino metro station is 2 km away .
both garden night market and an ping castle can be accessed by a 15 - minute drive , while tainan hsr station is a 30 - minute drive away .
golfclub ybrig can be reached by car in 20 minutes .
rooms at the naturalmente offer views of the countryside .
guests of l ' oliveraie de marigha can enjoy hiking in the countryside around the hotel and enjoy trips into the atlas mountains and toubkal national park .
there is also a kitchen , equipped with a refrigerator .
trains run to the neue messe exhibition centre in 40 minutes .
victoria is a 20 - minute drive away .
pacoche murcia is just 5 minutes ’ walk from the city ’ s old bridge over the river segura .
the jacksonville zoo and gardens is just 11 . 8 km from this hotel .
each room at connells motel traralgon includes a mini refrigerator , tea / coffee making facilities , heating and air conditioning .
ecuador park is only 100 metres away and carriel sur is 2 km away .
individually designed , each stylish room overlooks the countryside and includes an en suite bathroom .
amsterdam ’ s museum district is a 10 - minute walk .
the property offers free parking .
each room has a tea / coffee maker and ironing facilities .
cascade mountain is only 2 miles from this wisconsin days inn portage . devils head ski and golf resort is 7 miles away .
barbecue facilities are available to guests who wish to prepare their own meals .
at hotel conclave comfort you will find a terrace .
villa la corte is a holiday home renovated in 2010 , surrounded by trees , meadows and vineyards , located in sant ' agata sui 2 golfi , 7 km from sorrento , in a quiet , sunny , elevated position on top of a hill , 7 km from the sea , 7 km from the beach , located by a road .
cafeterias and restaurants are 200 metres away .
just a short walk from many of brighton ’ s attractions , located directly next to the british airways i360 tower , west beach hotel is also a 20 - minute walk from the royal pavilion . brighton pier is less than a mile away , and brighton railway station is 15 minutes ’ walk .
plaza de ayuntamento square is 1 km from the apartments roni .
located 28 km from bodrum city , flip flops b4 offers accommodation in gulluk . the property features views of the sea is 32 km from didim .
guests can have a meal and enjoy free use of a summer outdoor pool at a hotel under the same ownership set 25 metres from this guest house .
it is situated only minutes from the town of hermanus .
parking is provided at no additional charge at dolan ’ s platinum .
located in the centre of kastoria , doltso , venetula is a neoclassical guesthouse overlooking the lake .
for guests ' convenience , the hotel provides laundry services . luggage storage is available at its front desk .
free mineral water is provided .
all rooms have countryside views .
yangzhou agora hotel is a 3 - minute drive from yangzhou railway station and a 17 - minute drive from slender west lake resort .
the chalets have a patio with a hammock and garden views .
hotel mara is located in the commercial centre of baia mare , 1 km from the train station and 11 km from baia mare airport .
miramonti is a 10 - minute walk from iseo train station . brescia is 25 km away .
a flat - screen tv is provided .
the property offers a 24 - hour front desk service and room service .
the gaia hotel features accommodation with classic design and free wi - fi .
each room here will provide you with a tile / marble flooring and balcony with sea view .
the renovated restaurant offers local gastronomic specialities .
a breakfast including fruit , cereal , coffee and more is served each morning .
salgado filho international airport is located 12 km from the accommodation .
a variety of dishes are served in the marina club restaurant .
look forward to free wi - fi internet access and a free breakfast buffet every morning .
boomerang hotel offers air - conditioned rooms with a flat - screen tv and a dvd player .
north dakota state capitol grounds is 2 miles away .
this centrally located property is 700 metres from tram huong tower and 800 metres from 2 / 4 square .
only a 10 - minute walk from the shores of lake garda , villa benedita is 1 km from manerba del garda town centre . it offers an outdoor pool with hydromassage and a garden .
featuring free wifi throughout the property , allo hostel is set in rostov on don , 7 km from rostov arena . private parking is available on site .
philadelphia museum of art is 6 minutes ’ drive .
all have stylish wooden floors and either hydromassage showers or a jacuzzi .
set in a traditional stone house dating back from the 17th century , bell tower apartment is decorated in rustic style and offers air - conditioned apartment with a balcony and free wifi access .
the bathrooms are either private , or shared .
guests have access to a sun terrace , sauna and a tennis court on site . bbq facilities are also available for guests use .
all the units are air - conditioned .
paklenica national park and cerovačke caves are located about 20 km away , while zrmanja river can be reached by boat in 1 hour .
each apartment at golden sands cairns offers a fully equipped kitchen with a large refrigerator and a stove - top .
pensión san justo is located in santa coloma de gramanet district , close to can peixauet metro station and only 20 minutes by public transport from barcelona ’ s historic town .
this dog - friendly property offers a free outdoor pool , bbq facilities and self - catering accommodation with a patio .
the fully equipped kitchen features an oven , a microwave and a fridge .
port fanari guest house features free wifi .
maniówka is located in a picturesque area , 400 metres from the wigry national park .
the guesthouse offers a free ticket to serra negra ' s cable car .
this property is located 500 metres from balcon de europa viewpoint
the madeira international airport is an 18 - minute drive from the property .
you will find a shared lounge at the property .
anitkabir ataturk museum is 4 km from the green park hotel .
located in bakirkoy , simal airport suites features air - conditioned rooms with modern design .
the property offers free parking .
next to packed lunches and banquet facilities , the attentive staff is happy to arrange intimate dinners upon request .
each room is fitted with a flat - screen tv .
guests of the hotel can use the barbecue facilities and purchase drinks and snacks from the vending machines .
free parking is available for guests .
marrakech - menara airport is located 13 km from the property .
dishes are made using fresh local produce .
rooms here are all fitted with a tv and a private bathroom with a shower .
free local telephone calls are available at this pet friendly hotel .
they are all equipped with a mini fridge .
this 3 - star hotel is located on berlin ’ s famous kurfürstendamm boulevard , a short walk from the memorial church , zoo and kadewe department store .
enjoy international dishes and hearty regional specialities in the landhaus restaurant .
the property offers free parking .
a flat - screen tv is provided .
the dolomiten organises frequent bike tours for all levels , and you can also rent a bike to explore the green surroundings .
the town of pag is full of sights such as the rector ' s palace and tower skrivanat . the unesco - listed pag lace can be seen at the lace gallery 550 metres away , while the salt museum is 800 metres away .
some rooms also feature a private balcony offering ocean views .
the en suite bathroom is fitted with a shower and hairdryer .
harborwalk village , which has shopping and dining venues , is 4 . 1 km away from the property .
set within a walled - in garden , it features 2 outdoor pools .
the rooms feature tatami ( woven - straw ) floors , traditional shoji paper screens and japanese futon bedding .
the apartments feature a seating area , private bathroom and a fully equipped kitchen .
all units feature a flat - screen tv with cable channels .
a japanese set menu is served for breakfast .
every room has a flat - screen tv . certain units have a seating area for your convenience . you will find a coffee machine and a kettle in the room .
puerto banus marina is 2 . 5 km from the hotel , while the nearest beach is 1 km away .
there is a full kitchen with a stovetop , fridge , dishwasher , oven and kitchen utensils .
guests at grenata apartments can request shuttle services at a surcharge , for example from and to the vilnius airport 5 km away .
towels and bed linen are available in this apartment .
there is a private bathroom with a shower in each unit .
conveniently located by the main road , a 10 - minute drive brings guests to roi et bus station . roi et airport is 17 . 9 km away .
the well - equipped kitchen includes an oven , hob , microwave , dishwasher , electric kettle , and kitchenware .
it is 15 minutes ' drive to the living desert .
the nearest airport is baden airpark airport , 51 km from ferienwohnung keil .
elegant yet rustic , rooms and holiday homes offer garden views and a private bathroom with complimentary toiletries .
there are plenty of shops , bars , restaurants and other services within walking distance away . the nearest metro station is hospital clinic , 5 minutes ' walk away .
there is a double room and a twin room .
there is a seating area , a dining area and a kitchen equipped with a fridge .
all rooms are air - conditioned and feature free access to wi - fi .
information on day trips and local attractions is available at the tour desk .
a breakfast consisting of homemade cakes , sweet and savoury items is served daily .
you can engage in various activities , such as cycling and hiking .
situated in ixia , this air - conditioned holiday home features a garden with a sun terrace .
all tastefully decorated rooms and chalets at eight bells are dotted around the gardens and include a private patio .
this historical building is listed as a latvian soviet cultural heritage .
the lounge area has a sofa and a flat - screen tv with cable channels .
this well - appointed hotel is located within 8 km from siem reap international airport .
the bathroom is private , has a shower and hairdryer , and offers toiletries .
there are also plenty of bars and restaurants surrounding belair beach hotel .
hotel imperial is located in simferopol , 1 . 7 km from simferopol ’ and 39 km from alushta .
bathroom facilities are shared .
situated opposite the albert dock , 30 james street overlooks the three graces , which comprises of the royal liver , the cunard , and the port of liverpool buildings .
for a small fee , guests can enjoy the sauna and bowling alley located onsite .
located in arkhipo - osipovka in the krasnodar krai region , 43 km from gelendzhik , zateryanniy rai mini - hotel features a barbecue , children ' s playground and sun terrace .
each has a balcony , some of which overlook the mountains .
designed for adults only , this love hotel is centrally located in rio de janeiro , just a 10 - minute drive from santos dumont airport .
they include satellite tv , an electric kettle and a marble bathroom .
found 80 metres from the cati ' s mineral water springs and 400 metres from the city park of covasna , casuta sanatatii features rooms with cable tv .
the hotel is just off sloane square , in the heart of stylish chelsea .
bali hai pier marina is less than 2 km away .
the en suite rooms of the gabbiano hotel feature a tv and free wi - fi .
the chalets include a kitchen , a dining area and a bathroom .
next to darsena metro station , hotel helvetia is a 5 - minute walk from the porto antico area , which includes the waterfront and aquarium .
it offers air - conditioned rooms with a satellite tv and balcony .
each rustic - style heated bungalow features a porch with views of the surrounding countryside .
canossa castle is 10 minutes ' drive away , while canossa town centre is 20 minutes away by car .
the hostel is 500 m from marques de pombal station , downtown lisbon is 1 . 2 km away and has various traditional shops and cafés .
at cultural house you can spend relaxing moments on the shared terrace .
offering free private parking , the apartment is 5 km from antalya aqualand .
there is also a café - bar .
this motel features free wifi and a flat - screen tv with cable in every room .
most rooms offer stunning views of the city ’ s gothic architecture as well as the river .
family rooms are available .
free wifi access is available .
rooms at the lefferts garden bed and breakfast are simply decorated in neutral colours and dark wood furnishings .
a selection of restaurants and bars are located in the surrounding streets .
the location of the bungalows is privileged , only a 7 - minute drive from the city centre and main square of tarija .
located at 2 . 1 km from the bustling markets of panjim , this 4 - star property , country inn & suites by carlson goa panjim features an outdoor pool , business centre and meeting / banqueting facility . free wi - fi is available throughout the property .
there is also a bathroom with a shower .
boasting a private beach area , guests can enjoy water sports activities such as snorkelling and canoeing on site .
citylife apartments offers self - catering accommodations at different locations in skopje .
spa services , including massage , can also be arranged .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and a bidet .
offering bike rentals and cosy atmosphere , appletree guesthouse is located in seoul .
orange hotel has a restaurant serving european cuisine where guests can order breakfast .
free wifi is offered and free private parking is available on site .
the rooms at pokoje sylwia are bright and spacious . there is a tv with satellite channels and a bathroom with a shower in each of them .
barbecue facilities and free parking are available .
the accommodation is provided with free wifi , a satellite - tv with dvd - player , a hi - fi system , a terrace and a fireplace . there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher , a coffee brewer and a microwave . there are three bedrooms with single beds , one with a double bed and two mattresses on the mezzanine .
there are also kayaking or fishing facilities in the river wye and cycling is possible through the golden valley .
sundial lodge condominiums are 10 minutes ’ drive to park city , utah city centre . salt lake city international airport is 40 minutes ’ drive away .
the modern apartament lawendowy is located in the centre of stronie śląskie , 5 km from the czarna góra ski complex .
located in belihul oya , windy rich - belihuloya by taprobane is situated 71 kms from nuwara eliya .
free private parking is available on site upon reservation .
guests can choose between continental and full irish options .
margaritaville is a short walk away .
the quaint qibao ancient town is located 4 . 1 km away from the hotel .
it features a rooftop swimming pool , free wi - fi and a buffet restaurant .
the medieval sanctuary of madonna delle armi in cerchiara di calabira can be reached in less than 20 minutes by car .
porta romana halldis apartments is a collection of independent properties all located in milan , close to porta romana area and just 15 minutes away by foot from the duomo . the area of porta romana is full of all sorts of restaurants , clubs , theatres and is well - served by public means of transport , with crocetta and porta romana yellow metro line stops in the vicinity , the tram lines 15 and 24 e the bus line 94 stop .
su - mis guest house has a cafe serving local cuisine .
the hotel has a barbecue and a private beach area , and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant .
free wi - fi , satellite tv and a minibar are standard in every room .
the wielka krokiew ski jump is a 15 - minute walk from the property .
there are two bedrooms . each bedroom offers a double bed .
pines motel armidale is less than 5 minutes ’ drive from armidale showground , armidale railway station and armidale racecourse .
this establishment is located in a landscape featuring natural thermal baths dating from the roman era , a perfect place to enjoy nature and good health .
a seating area and sofa bed are provided in select suites .
the en suite bathroom has a hairdryer .
the unit equipped with a kitchen with an oven and fridge .
the hostel is just 100 meters from the main railway station and only a 3 - minute walk from the old market square .
the hotel includes a number of facilities , including activities such as tennis , biking and hiking , and a restaurant and bar .
featuring free wifi throughout the property , apartment kazanhome minskaya 45 is situated in kazan , 7 km from church of the exaltation of the holy cross . kazan arena is 7 km away .
located in les houches , chalet les soldanelles offers self - catering accommodation .
ibiza airport is approximately 6 km away .
mumbai international airport is 3 km away .
the nearest metro station is located only steps away .
entertainment options at hilton alexandria include a cinema , bowling and horse riding at the hotel ’ s ranch .
some rooms overlook the green surroundings .
the bright apartments include a living area with armchairs and a tv , as well as a private bathroom .
this hotel is located in the litchfield area of pawleys island , south carolina , near myrtle beach .
a buffet breakfast is served every morning in the communal lounge .
viareggio train station is 4 km from the burlamacco hotel .
free public parking is provided on site .
the apartment is composed of a bedroom and a separate living room with 2 sofa beds , and a fully equipped kitchen .
the hotel is awarded with a golden green key certificate .
the hotel has a 24 - hour reception , a souvenir shop that has a selection of local products , and drinks vending machines .
bodenseegästehaus is a 15 - minute walk from the harbour , beach and shops .
arezzo is 55 km away , whilst siena is 63 km away .
bangka ’ s air - conditioned rooms come with a work desk .
horse carriage trips and guided walks and mountain biking tours can be organised in summer .
a shuttle service from / to main airports can be arranged on site .
daily breakfast is served in buffet style .
luzhniki stadium is 7 km from lite hotel , while bitsa park is 8 km from the property .
the property also offers free onsite parking .
wellness facilities also include various saunas , a hot tub , a children ' s pool and a wide range of massage services .
ferienwohnung fahrmair is located a 5 - minute walk from the centre of kramsach and offers you fully equipped apartments with a balcony .
moscow point - loft red square offers accommodation in moscow . the apartment is 200 metres from bolshoi theatre .
crowne plaza northwood offers a park and fly facility and is on the airport bus route .
each room is equipped with modern facilities , including a minibar , flat - screen cable tv , a hairdryer and free toiletries .
some rooms feature a glass shower and a circular bed .
a restaurant is located in a neighbouring building and a grocery store is within 150 metres .
zhen chinese restaurant serves a fine selection of local dishes .
guests can make use of the encantada ’ s hot tub and a quiromassage service is also available .
free wifi is available and free private parking is available on site .
all rooms include free wi - fi and a work desk .
each apartment has a living room with a sofa and tv . a dishwasher , oven and washing machine are included in the kitchen .
the alpe - adria bicycle trail is right outside , and a bicycle shelter is available on site .
piazza dei miracoli is 4 km from affittacamerecisanello , while botanical gardens of pisa is 3 . 8 km away .
just a 10 - minute walk from the beach and village , it offers en suite rooms with free wi - fi and parking .
set at 3 locations in or near the town centre , apartments heart of pula features modernly furnished accommodation with free wi - fi , a fully equipped kitchen and a tv with international channels .
the nearest ski resort is at port - aine , an hour ' s drive away .
air - conditioned rooms at the hermosa all come with a tv and private bathroom with free toiletries and a hairdryer .
the hotel serves coffee , tea or hot chocolate free of charge in the lounge with canal view .
each includes a bathroom with shower while some have a patio or balcony .
this romantic getaway in santorini is conveniently located in firostefani , less than 1 km from the island ’ s capital of fira and 15 minutes from the port and the airport .
studio in paris grands boulevards includes a seating area with a flat - screen tv and a balcony .
varde station is a 5 - minute walk away .
breakfast includes homemade pastries , yoghurt and jam .
this former brewery is located in buttenheim , on the edge of the franconian switzerland region .
accepting only mainland chinese citizens , xuzhou homeinns hotel provides cosy guestrooms and free wifi in all areas .
rostov arena is 1 . 9 km from boutique hotel promenad , while rostov academic drama theatre is 2 . 4 km from the property .
the private cottages at shurin are 2km away from children ’ s theme park karuizawa toy kingdom .
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower .
the ben thanh market and ho chi minh fine arts museum are within a 5 - minute walk away .
a garage for motorcycles and bicycles is provided , and the centre of seeboden can be reached in a 3 - minute walk .
a simple continental breakfast is available every morning .
at the wanderlust hostel guests have access to a garden , barbecue facilities and a fire pit . other facilities include free storage for ski equipment and a closet featuring many costumes available for guest use .
guests can use shared bathroom facilities .
all of the modern and comfortable en suite rooms receive plenty of natural daylight and have large working desks .
free wifi is available throughout the property and free private parking is available on site .
san giusto cathedral is a 10 - minute walk away .
serenahof has a 24 - hour front desk which can offer advice on local activities including wine tasting tours and day excursions .
conveniently located in hanoi ' s old quarter area , madam moon hotel is near to hoan kiem lake and offers accommodation with bright decor .
the unit includes a kitchen fitted with a dishwasher and an oven .
furthermore , the hotel ' s breakfast buffet is included in the room rate .
the well - equipped guestrooms feature air conditioning and comfortable seating areas with sofas .
free wi - fi is accessible in all areas .
the property offers free parking .
the m42 motorway can be reached after a 5 - minute drive and birmingham international airport and the national exhibition centre are 10 minutes ’ drive away .
it also features a bathroom with a shower and hardwood floors .
a business centre with fax and photocopying services is available , as well as a library and a gift shop .
a flat - screen tv and an ipod docking station are featured in the rooms at hyatt regency calgary . certain units have a seating area for your convenience . a coffee machine and refrigerator are provided in each room .
the apartment comprises a bedroom , a fully equipped kitchenette , a living area with a sofa and a flat - screen tv with dvd player , and a bathroom with shower and toilet .
bicycle and car rental services are available for those who wish to explore the area .
surrounded by chestnuts , locanda il rustichello is set in crocetta in the tuscany region , 14 km from pontremoli city centre .
varanasi junction train station is 4 km away .
free private parking is possible on site .
doc shopping centre offers free public parking , grocery shops , restaurants and bars .
a wide variety of restaurants , bars and clubs can be found within a short walk from the property .
only 200 metres from independencia square , bed for wine hostel offers rooms with free wi - fi in central mendoza .
at the foot of mount etna in the village of santa venerina , villa francesca offers free wifi and refined rooms with a balcony .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling , fishing and hiking .
offering a full breakfast daily and a social hour , old town guesthouse b & b is located in colorado springs .
a flat - screen tv is featured .
there are 34 modern rooms which are accessible by elevator .
free private parking is available on site .
guests have access to a fully equipped shared kitchen .
ollanta inn is located near to the most important mall in the city , plaza vea shopping mall .
dos palmas island resort and spa is a private resort situated on the arreceffi islands in honda bay , northeast of puerto princesa .
accepting only mainland chinese citizens , elan hotel huludao xinhua avenue offers simple accommodation .
the guest house also has a vending machine for snacks and hot drinks .
the property is located 150 metres from the vittel train station .
a flat - screen tv is offered .
pegasus villa is minimally decorated with respect to the cycladic style . it consists of 3 separate bedrooms , a kitchenette and a living room with dining table . facilities include a satellite , flat - screen tv , cd player and air conditioning .
the resort has a ski area of 225 km and is within écrins national park . chambon lake is 10 km from the property and les - deux - alpes golf club is just 1 km away .
at sumak kawsay you will find a poolside sun terrace with a bar , a café - restaurant and a communal lounge with cable tv .
located in port leucate , la grande bleue residence offers direct access to the beach , a terrace and furnished garden .
this east point hotel offers free 22 - hour airport shuttle to hartsfield - jackson atlanta international airport , which is just one mile away .
guests can visit the unicus ’ s top - class restaurant , offering delicious dishes by an award - winning chef .
free private parking is available on site .
activities in the surroundings include trekking , horseback riding , windsurfing and fishing .
paddington station offers underground access to the heathrow express , connecting to heathrow airport in 15 minutes .
the property offers free parking .
hakone elegance is a 10 - minute walk from the oshiba bus station .
the outdoor swimming pool area features sun loungers , where guests can relax after a refreshing dip .
the corona offers a buffet breakfast daily , including sweet and savoury products .
free wifi is featured throughout the property and free private parking is available on site .
joensuu airport is a 1 . 5 - hour drive from the property .
italian specialities can be enjoyed in the ristorante toscana .
guests benefit from free wifi and private parking available on site .
lobby bar is available 24 hours .
bikes can be rented free of charge .
to reach the property you need to climb 100 steps .
hotel neuhaus is situated directly on the ski slopes and is only a short walk from the cable cars and lifts .
free wi - fi is available in all guest rooms at the holiday inn express and suites seattle – city center . pay - per - view channels and video games are included .
free wi - fi access is available .
free wifi is available on site .
numerous restaurants and supermarkets are in the immediate vicinity of the hostel .
the hotel ’ s staff can make arrangements for car rentals and free private parking is provided on site .
the self - catering apartments at apartment & boardinghouse berlin kreuzberg come with a well - equipped kitchen .
the restaurant serves delicious food , prepared with local seasonal products . you can complement your dinner with one of the 200 excellent wines from the restaurant ’ s selection .
it is situated in estoril , just a 5 - minute walk from the poça beach .
bed linen is available .
it is situated 1 . 6 km from mouans - sartoux train station and 13 km from the city of cannes .
at dar moucha you will find a spa and wellness centre . other facilities like a restaurant , an ironing service and a laundry are offered .
decorated in light tones and fitted with floor - to - ceiling windows , these bright units include modernly furnished kitchens for the preparation of meals .
the meerwasser - erlebnisbad ( leisure baths ) is 100 metres away .
a supermarket is located 3 km from the property .
the house has an original cave with a depth of 11 meters that guests can visit .
ski schools , a ski rental , and many shops and restaurants are only steps away .
the lechtal cross - country ski run and the lechtal cycling trails are close by .
ski storage is also available at the apartments .
it offers individually decorated rooms with an lcd tv . you can sample czech cuisine and beer at the on - site restaurant .
with garden views , rooms come with a flat - screen tv and tiled floor .
all rooms boast 18th century furniture , parquet floors and warm decor .
a flat - screen tv with satellite channels is available in each bedroom .
a microwave is also available upon a request .
some units include a seating area to relax in after a busy day .
the san pablo church is just 10 minutes walk from hotel la paz .
other local attractions include the cities of thiers and issoire , both less than 40 km from the property .
guests can sit poolside or enjoy the sun out on the terrace .
they feature cable tv and a private bathroom .
each cottage is fitted with a balcony and fan .
at los suenos del mar 3e you will find a private beach area and a tennis court .
the air - conditioned unit is 5 km from smolensk historic museum .
the camp is located about 30 km away from siana airport and 245 km from nairobi .
the clean and comfortable air - conditioned rooms here will provide you with a satellite tv and a seating area .
guests can make use of the well - equipped kitchenette , which comes with a dining area .
the centre of kastoria town is 7 km away .
guests receive a 10 % discount at the vall d ’ or golf club , 20 km away .
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
free private , on - site parking is available .
it is situated in - front of damac properties metro station .
many have a private balcony .
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and a refrigerator .
caravat garden café provides light refreshments and drinks .
a hairdryer is supplied and guests have access to a shared bathroom , which is fitted with a shower .
this hotel offers air - conditioned rooms , a complimentary breakfast made of healthy items and a 24 - hour market .
a lift to access all floors , and a parking garage are available .
the lounge area has an ethnic - style décor and also includes a tv .
points of interest including dyersburg industrial park and dyersburg city centre are only a short drive from the dyersburg hampton inn .
you will also find a garden and barbecue facilities .
every apartment in wzgórze poręba features a flat - screen tv and a large seating area , as well as a bathroom with a shower .
each is air conditioned and comes with a satellite flat - screen tv .
extras include free toiletries and a hairdryer .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out independencia square 600 metres away from let home .
a number of activities are offered in the area , such as cycling and hiking .
towels are featured .
dolphinarium is 2 . 1 km away and batumi international airport is 6 . 1 km from the property .
the closest city with banking facilities is nykøbing falster , 25 km away .
after relaxing at the sauna or hammam , guests can benefit from massage facilities .
a dishwasher , an oven and a microwave can be found in the kitchen and there is a private bathroom .
at samara monkey villa you will find that activities , such as cycling , are popular in the area .
you can drive to puerto del rosario in 1 hour , and free public parking is available in a location nearby .
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven .
each room at this luxury bed and breakfast features an en suite bathroom with a double spa bath or double shower .
room mate gerard features free wifi throughout the property .
free wifi access is available in public areas .
guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant .
a furnished balcony overlooking the grounds and pool is featured in each warmly decorated room at san diego vineyard hacienda .
free private parking is offered on site .
free wifi access is available .
beirut international airport is 5 km away .
every room comes with a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
at injap tower hotel , guests may relax with a pampering massage at the spa or make use of the business centre amenities .
the historic super 8 motel provides 24 - hour front desk services , as well as laundry facilities .
the tampa – brandon holiday inn express offers fitness and business centers for guest use .
the staff assists with car rentals and arranges airport shuttle services at an additional fee .
plan gorret ' s restaurant serves traditional italian pizza and is open daily at dinner .
kaunas is 9 km from overnight , while birštonas is 33 km away .
it offers a connection with the italian ski resort of cervinia and can be reached within a 5 - minute walk .
guests of the hôtel le cambronne can enjoy a continental breakfast and relax in the hotel ’ s lounge .
with its location in the town centre of arvier , you have plenty of restaurants and pizzerias to choose from at dinner .
baza otdiha nezabudka also includes a sauna .
the property offers free covered parking for convenience .
bicycle rental and car hire services are available .
located 1 . 4 km from sochi discovery world aquarium , on gertsena apartment offers accommodation in adler .
rooms at bee lanta garden are fitted with a private balcony and hardwood furniture .
this eco - friendly hotel features rooms with a private balcony and air conditioning .
barclay ' s center is 15 minutes by train .
the house will provide you with a tv , a patio and a terrace .
shower facilities are included in an en suite bathroom .
satellite tv and a radio are there as well .
access to the property is through 7 km of gravel road .
international food and beverages are also offered .
they come with free wi - fi and elegant private bathrooms with black finishings .
castello sul lago tre is an apartment located in menaggio , 1 . 3 km from villa carlotta .
towels and bed linen are available in this apartment .
ironing facilities are also provided .
guests can relax in the sauna , make use of the meeting rooms or work out at the fitness centre .
boasting simple décor , the apartment provides guests with a tv and air conditioning . there is a fully - equipped kitchen with a household appliances and kitchenware .
there is a local pub serving evening meals 5 minutes ' walk from the property .
the unit equipped with a kitchen with a dishwasher and oven .
studio vipera features free wifi throughout .
palace of culture & science is 1 . 3 km from warsaw spire luxurious penthouse , while parade square is 1 . 4 km from the property .
modern room amenities include a satellite tv , tea / coffee maker and minibar .
you will find a kettle in the room . each room is equipped with a private bathroom .
yerevan train station is 7 . 5 km from the apartment , while yerevan airport is 13 . 5 km away .
a continental breakfast with cinnamon buns and pancakes is offered every morning .
a flat - screen tv is provided .
bali denpasar international airport is 6 km from the property .
baixa chiado metro station is 600 metres away , the rossio train station is a 6 - minute walk away and there is a tram stop in front of the building .
this classic hotel offers a central location in downtown curitiba , only 3 blocks from estação shopping mall .
d - umalas villa is a 10 - minute drive from double six beach and a 30 - minute drive from ngurah rai international airport .
you can enjoy a mountain view from the room .
all rooms include a minibar , wi - fi access , and a modern bathroom .
it features free bicycles and free wifi throughout .
the en suite bathroom provides free toiletries and a hairdryer .
at plaza motel you will find a 24 - hour front desk .
the rooms include a shared bathroom .
they include a flat - screen tv and come equipped with a coffee machine , microwave , and small refrigerator .
the casa ober is next to a bus stop with connections to the train station .
they are equipped with satellite tv . each has a safe box and a minibar .
sports facilities include an indoor and outdoor tennis centre , a squash court , a beach volleyball court , and a football pitch .
at floresta tour there is a 24 - hour front desk and a garden .
here guests will find an array of commerce and gastronomical options to enjoy .
alternatively , guests can enjoy views of the harbour at mutiara terrace .
hostel rambla sur is 400 metres from the harbour and a 30 - minute drive from carrasco international airport .
in the available gym guests may enjoy a turkish bath , the hot tub or a work out with our equipment .
central airport is 15 km away .
rooms at b & b caramel have views of the garden and comprise a kitchenette and a seating area with flat - screen cable tv . they all include a private bathroom fitted with a shower .
meeting rooms and laundry services are also available .
private parking spaces are available on site for a surcharge .
the house is surrounded by a garden with a barbecue guests can use .
finish some work in the modern business center or take advantage of the hotel ' s fitness facilities .
all units offer views of trigrad village and the mountains and feature a flat - screen tv and a safe .
winner of the pacific asia travel association ( pata ) heritage award , dwarika ' s hotel is inspired by kathmandu valley ’ s rich cultural heritage .
they also come with a tv and tea / coffee making facilities .
it offers accommodation with free wi - fi .
the property is 750 metres from lagoa rodrigo de freitas lagoon and 3 km from copacabana beach .
guests can also benefit from a south - facing garden and terrace , an open kitchen and a bathroom with a bath .
the nearest golf course is a 4 - minute drive from the unit .
the pride hotel , ahmedabad is a 45 - minute drive from ahmedabad international airport .
guests will also be 3 miles from southern polytechnic state university .
it is a good base for exploring the bird sanctuary island of bock , the island of hiddensee , or rügen , germany ’ s largest island .
a baby stroller , a children ' s cot and a children ' s chair are also provided .
oristano is 46 km from sa lumenaria da raimonda , while nuoro is 38 km from the property .
the hotel operates a 24 - hour front desk and can assist with luggage storage , ticketing and airport shuttle services .
the nearest restaurant and a grocery store can be reached within 100 metres from the property .
topkapi palace , hagia sophia , blue mosque and grand bazaar are within 10 minutes ’ walking distance .
the roman baths are just 300 metres away and the airport is 12 km from the elegance hotel .
all rooms come with contemporary décor and an electric kettle .
the hotel is a 10 - minute drive from jungceylon shopping centre and a 20 - minute drive from karon beach .
with an extra cost , you can rent electric bicycles and massages can be organised .
the accommodation is individually decorated in moroccan tones and features an en suite bathroom with a shower .
ibiza rocks hotel is set 10 minutes ' walk from sant antoni beach , and 5 minutes from the sunset strip and the west end .
a children ’ s playground and a ping - pong table are also provided .
the sankt anton ski area is 1 . 5 km away .
featuring free wifi and a barbecue , 32 themansala rest offers accommodation in polonnaruwa , 28 km from sigiriya .
ayvalık city centre is 11 km from the premises while edremit korfez airport is 50 km away .
the bedrooms are decorated in light colours and feature a flat - screen tv , seating area , and some rooms have air - conditioning .
located only 100 metres from the coast in myndos ( gumusluk ), a small fishing village on turkey ' s bodrum peninsula , this boutique hotel features an outdoor pool and free wi - fi .
you can enjoy garden view from the room .
it is 35 minutes ’ drive from zhulyany international airport , and a transfer is available .
other facilities offered include luggage storage and a vending machine .
the property offers free parking .
the brillantengrund hotel features a small workshop for bicycles , and guests can rent bicycles to explore vienna .
the beaches of ammousa and afteli are at 7 km and 5 km respectively .
all units have a flat - screen tv . some units feature a dining area and / or balcony .
the hotel is located 45 km from international airport of monastir and 4 km from medina of mahdia .
the riad is 200 metres from djemaa el fna and 300 metres from souk of the medina .
guests benefit from balcony .
a spa bath is featured in all rooms at inn at the delta .
it has a garden and a shared kitchen .
each room is equipped with a tv with cable channels and a refrigerator .
restaurants , a supermarket , and a public outdoor pool can be reached in a 10 - minute walk .
a hot tub and a furnished patio are available in this self - contained accommodation .
the 24 - hour front desk can help guests secure airport shuttles . hotel podocarpus is 38 km from camilo ponce enríquez airport .
regional cultural centre is 1 . 9 km from apartment on dostoyevskogo 74 , while zvyozdny sports complex is 2 . 4 km from the property .
some rooms also offer river views .
the kitchens have microwaves , ovens and hobs , and there are large dining areas .
discounts may apply for stays of 5 nights or longer .
the accommodation units include air - conditioning , a balcony and a private bathroom with free toiletries .
the property also offers grocery delivery .
just 3 km from scharfenstein castle , this hotel in amtsberg offers a large garden with playground , free wi - fi , and a modern restaurant with terrace .
free parking is available on site .
the hotel features a 24 - hour reception allowing guests flexibility during their stay .
located in the centre of kamari port , anastasia apartments are just 10 metres from the nearest beach .
a sauna is provided at a surcharge .
there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher , oven , fridge / freezer , microwave and washing machine .
famara beach is popular for watersports , including surfing and windsurfing , and guests can find some schools in the area .
the private bathroom in all rooms offers a shower .
this air - conditioned house comes with 4 double bedrooms and a double sofa bed in the living room .
there is a café and a lounge with a tv , fireplace and board games .
offering an outdoor pool and a restaurant , gelps hotel is located in rio verde . free wifi access is available . rio verde airport is located 10 km away .
the nearest beach is 300 metres away .
bbq facilities are available to guests .
featuring a shower , the bathroom also comes with a hairdryer .
the property offers 2 buildings and comfort rooms are situated in the new building .
himeji - ekimae livemax hotel is a 15 - minute walk from himeji zoo and a 25 - minute drive from himeji central park .
located in the world heritage ainokura village , guests at choyomon stay in a traditional gassho - style house .
golf club delle langhe is 5 km away .
a personal safe and ironing facilities are included .
free private parking is available on site .
set 10 minutes ’ walk from the beach at punta de la pixerota , casa bahia offers a private , furnished terrace with direct access to the shared gardens and outdoor pool .
at your disposal there is a washing machine , iron and a hair dryer .
agroturystyka zacisze is situated in a quiet area , 3 km from lake powidzkie .
there is a football field and badminton .
some units also have a kitchen , equipped with an oven .
montpon rail station is 15 km from la musardière and it is possible to swim in la dronne river , 12 km away .
the property also provides different services including massage , tour desk and laundry .
back at el balear you will enjoy bright , comfortable and spacious rooms , provided with modern commodities and sea - view balconies .
barbecue facilities are available and a number of restaurants serving a range of cuisines can be found within 5 km from sunset mansion .
free parking spaces are available on site .
the accommodation features a flat - screen tv .
this property is 12 minutes ' drive from fort lauderdale hollywood international airport and port everglades cruise port .
there is a shared lounge with a flat - screen tv , a kettle and microwave .
you can enjoy city view .
the property offers free parking .
sinisen tien helmi ’ s guests can make use of a well - equipped kitchen and an outdoor bbq area .
rustaveli theatre is 3 . 5 km from silk , while tbilisi opera and ballet theatre is 3 . 7 km from the property .
just 2 minutes ’ walk from the hotel is one of the town ’ s viewpoints , where you can enjoy magnificent views of the surrounding landscape .
the beautiful city of ely is a 30 - minute drive away and features a historic cathedral , riverside walks and a selection of tea rooms .
all the executive units include private balconies or courtyards with views over the surrounding hills and private gardens .
the 4 - bedroom accommodation will provide guests with a tv , air conditioning and a seating area .
just a 3 - minute walk from the beach in the coastal area of kambos , on the island of patmos , filio apartments offers self - catering accommodation featuring a large garden .
guests can relax with a drink in the bar and the hotel also provides a 24 - hour reception .
the nearest airport is ngurah rai international airport , 7 km from the property .
each air conditioned room features a balcony and comes with a minibar and a safe .
each guest room has a tv , alarm clock and tea and coffee facilities . all have an en suite shower with complimentary toiletries provided .
guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant . free private parking is available on site .
located in yerevan , this apartment features free wifi . providing free private parking , the apartment is 800 metres from republic square .
the property offers free parking and guests can rent bicycles at ferienhaus mittelweg .
it is a 20 - minute drive from the archaeological site of akrotiri , and 8 km from santorini airport .
the property offers 7 terraces .
the apartments also boast a dining area .
it is just 340 metres from exit 4 of sinnonhyeon subway station .
the hotel is 11 km from tiran island and 40 km from ras mohamed national park .
guests can make use of the shared fully - equipped kitchen , as well as the bbq facilities and the lounge .
other facilities offered at the property include a children ' s playground . the property provides free parking .
the kitchen features a dishwasher , an oven and a microwave , as well as a coffee machine and a kettle .
the property offers free parking .
fresh bread and pastries are prepared for breakfast and there is a picnic area with a bbq .
buses to the tauplitz alm ski slopes leaves from 200 metres away , and the hotel has ski storage facilities .
clisson is only 10 km away .
some rooms have a balcony and other have a terrace .
flat5madrid is situated within the city ’ s 19th - century old town , near the major shopping streets around gran vía and fuencarral .
free on - site parking is available .
bolzano is 10 km from jenesien gasthof .
a tennis court is on site at sugar beach 266 by sugar sands realty and management . guests can also enjoy using the barbecue facilities .
horseback riding can be organised 1 km away .
cafés , bars and restaurants can be found in the streets surrounding the hotel .
it is 150 metres from the padre sebastian englert handcraft market .
free wifi is available .
free wifi is offered throughout the property .
offering convenient public transport connections with the centre of bydgoszcz , hotel chemik has rooms with satellite tv and free wi - fi .
you can enjoy mountain views from all the rooms , and an underfloor heating is available throughout the property .
centre of mielec is 3 km away .
private parking , located within a 5 - minute walk of the property , can be provided at extra charge and upon request .
galeão international airport is located 19 km away .
towels are available .
offering a flat - screen tv , all rooms come with air conditioning and a wardrobe .
heho airport can be reached under 19 km from the resort .
guests enjoy free use of a shared lounge and kitchen .
you can enjoy a garden view from all the rooms .
all rooms are simply furnished and decorated in pastel tones .
panoramic lake and mountain views from the 2 - level balcony is featured at the two - bedroom eagles fly retreat .
common areas also include a bar well stocked with local and national wines , liquors and soft drinks .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with free toiletries and slippers .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out potsdamer platz ( 8 . 6 km ) and friedrichstraße ( 8 . 7 km ). tegel airport is located 14 km from the property .
studio also comprises a balcony and a fully equipped kitchen , while guests staying in rooms have a common kitchen and a tv room at their disposal .
a bus stop with lines around dubrovnik is 50 metres away , while the distance to the ferry port and the main bus station measures 250 metres .
located a 5 - minute walk from people ’ s square subway station , the phoenix hostel shanghai offers rooms with free wired or wi - fi internet .
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower .
rental bicycles are available on request .
the on - site restaurant serves ukrainian cuisine .
hotel sheraton jeddah is less than a 5 - minutes drive from jeddah ’ s beachfront activities at the promenade .
a bar service is also available during summer .
towels and bed linen are provided in this self - catering accommodation .
guests will be able to cook their meals indoors or outdoors .
the ballybunion golf club old course is just 100 metres away .
shared bathroom also comes with a shower .
for convenience , mild bungalow also provides free parking and a 24 - hour front desk .
activities in the surrounding area include golfing .
a tv is included . each en suite bathroom includes toiletries and a hairdryer .
you can enjoy sea view and mountain view from all the rooms .
featuring a garden with children ’ s playground and horse riding facilities , riserva naturale foce dell ’ isonzo offers rooms in staranzano . grado beaches are a 25 - minute drive from the property .
lake bohinj is 3 . 8 km away .
hotel estelar de la feria is located very close to the corferias show rooms , the american embassy and bogota ’ s shopping district .
rooms are fitted with a private bathroom . for your comfort , you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer .
the apartment comprises a seating area with a sofa and a flat - screen cable tv .
apartments bandalo is located only 400 metres from a pebbly beach in a peaceful dalmatian village of podstrana , near split .
you can rent bicycles on site and horse back riding is available for an extra charge close to the property .
public areas include a patio with arches , columns and a range of plants .
avila beach is 7 miles away from san luis obispo hampton inn & suites .
barbecue facilities are available to guests .
bristol zaniboni flexy hotel is located 2500 metres from mogi mirim centre and offers spacious accommodation with a fitness centre , bar and 24 - hour front desk . free wi - fi and parking are provided .
the accommodation comes with a dining area and seating area with a flat - screen tv . all units include a kitchen fitted with an oven and toaster . a fridge and kettle are also offered .
the property offers free parking .
the 24 - hour front desk has newspapers and safety deposit boxes and there is a tour desk .
guests are provided 24 - hour front desk assistance .
certain rooms include a seating area for your convenience .
offering a terrace and views of the lake , szakács apartman is located in balatonfüred .
nobunaga no yakata museum is a 10 - minute drive from the hotel , and hikone shrine and mitsui outlet park are a 30 - minute drive away .
kensington court is less than 3 miles from the university of bath .
guests will be just 180 metres from adventure island amusement park .
towels and bed linen are available in this apartment .
guests can relax on the shared terrace .
you can engage in various activities , such as golfing , horse riding and cycling .
bremen ' s old town is less than a 10 - minute walk away .
guests can relax on the sun terrace , go hiking or fishing and there are bikes available for rent free of charge at the hotel .
located in yekatirenburg , uralsky teremok hotel offers 2 russian steam baths and free parking .
after a long skiing day , guest can relax at the hotel ́ s bar as well .
the property features a garden with olive groves and a bbq .
the family - managed hotel sydney is located on the seafront in san benedetto del tronto , along the riviera delle palme .
this traditional cumbrian slate - tiled property has free wi - fi , a bar and award - winning , home - cooked food .
gelendzhik airport is within a 5 - minute drive , and an airport shuttle is available at surcharge .
the property offers free parking .
a flat - screen tv is offered .
each air - conditioned room is equipped with a microwave , a small refrigerator and an electric kettle at bybee ' s steppingstone motel . an en suite bathroom equipped with a hairdryer is also included .
a shuttle service to / from the train station is also available .
discovery parks – moama west is within walking distance to the rsl club and a 15 - minute drive to the rich river golf club .
towels are available .
this self - catering accommodation features free wifi .
the hotel is 500 metres from hanuman dhoka , 500 metres from kathmandu durbar square and 6 km from swayambhunath temple .
apartament olimpiiskiy park is an apartment situated in adler , 6 km from sochi discovery world aquarium .
coffee and cakes are served in the über den wolken restaurant , which is located on the 35th floor and offers views of lübeck bay .
albufeira is just a 12 km away and their guests will find the pescadores beach , the oura beach , the old town and the marina .
the 24 - hour front desk provides safety deposit box for guests ’ convenience .
located in the busy dotonbori district , the entirely non - smoking guest house la kongo features affordable accommodations with a private bathroom .
each one has a private bathroom with a shower .
grand holiday hotel 2 is situated in the heart of hanoi , just 500 metres from ngoc son temple . st .
the award - winning restaurant serves carinthian and austrian cuisine .
the guest house also offers bike hire .
for convenience , all rooms are also equipped with a work desk and hairdryer .
the nearest airport is surgut airport , 10 km from lemar apartments mayskaya 22 .
at cabañas don tobias , guests will find a sun terrace and a solarium .
auberge obersolberg provides en suite accommodation in the alsace region of france .
towels are featured .
the soundproofed guest rooms at the hotel le bourgogne are equipped with flat - screen tvs and free wi - fi access .
car and bike rentals can be arranged , as well as laundry services . it features a garden .
the hotel has a sun terrace and views of the city , and guests can enjoy a drink at the bar .
bathrooms and toilets are shared with other guests .
guests can relax on the sun terrace or rent a canoe to explore the surroundings . laundry facilities are available for guests .
the villa is 5 minutes ’ drive from sanur beach and is 30 minutes ’ drive from ngurah rai international airport .
located along min ' an street , oak hostel offers cosy and affordable accommodation .
s - bahn or underground stations are within a 5 - minute walk , and tegel airport can be reached in 15 minutes by car .
whitefish mountain resort is 50 miles away from glacier haven inn .
each bright room has a balcony or terrace .
located in the picturesque are of vyshka , 100 metres from the ski slope , teremok guest house offers a sauna , garden and an outdoor pool .
the restaurant serves breakfast , lunch and dinner and offers room service to guests and happy hour specials .
private bathroom also comes with a shower .
viewtalay beachfront by nd also includes a year - round outdoor pool .
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge , luggage storage and shops ( on site ).
for relaxation and fun , le charme sukhothai offers traditional thai massages and bicycle rental services .
green holidays also includes on - site parking facilities .
it offers free wi - fi and a terrace overlooking the mountains .
admiral boasts a stylish lounge with a reception desk and lobby bar , a restaurant with non - smoking area , a viennese café , a billiard bar and a night club .
the kitchen is fitted with a microwave , a toaster and a fridge , as well as a coffee machine and a kettle .
museum of genocide victims is 500 metres from jogailos apartments , while gediminas ' tower is 800 metres from the property .
free wifi is available throughout the property .
a free shuttle service , a gift shop and safety deposit boxes are also available on site .
free covered parking is available on site .
windsor is 43 km from the murphy house , while novi is 22 km from the property .
free private parking is available on site .
some have parquet floors and wi - fi access is available for free at the reception desk .
ontario airport residence inn serves a breakfast buffet and alcoholic beverages .
the rooms and the restaurant can be reached with express lifts .
vourvourou is 25 km from avaton luxury villas resort .
the balcony opens to scenic mountain views .
free wi - fi is provided .
downtown foz do iguaçu is 1 , 2 km away , and itaipu power plant is 19 km away .
a range of restaurants , cafés and supermarkets are located in the same street as the accommodation .
the hostel includes free wifi access and a complimentary daily breakfast . guests can also enjoy barbecue facilities free of charge .
downtown toronto is also within 26 km .
attractions such as albert museum , jantar mantar and the city palace are within 6 km of itc rajputana . jaigarh fort and amber fort are 16 km away .
the hotel also offers bike hire .
in the centre , in a cul - de - sac .
villa napsugár ’ s apartments have a kitchenette , cable tv and living area .
the san carlo opera house is 1 - minute walk away .
gazipasa airport is 6 km from the hotel .
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings , including windsurfing , diving and fishing .
the apart hotel is only 500 metres from the local bars and restaurants of icmeler ’ s old village district .
surrounded by lush greenery , ena villa is a tropical escape with a private pool and a gazebo . it offers free shuttle service to sanur beach , a 5 - minute drive away .
it has its own private beach with free sun loungers and umbrellas as well as an outdoor swimming pool .
holiday home bartosovice v orl . h . wx - 753 is a holiday home located in rokytnice v orlických horách , 26 km from polanica - zdrój .
each of the résidence ’ s apartments and studios has a kitchen or kitchenette equipped with a fridge , cooker and electric hobs . there is also a seating area in each .
it offers simply furnished rooms with free wi - fi .
certain rooms have a seating area for your convenience .
free wifi is accessible throughout the premises .
this san marcos hotel is within 10 minutes ’ drive of texas state university .
the all - day dining restaurant serves a variety of cambodian and some western dishes .
the property is 6 . 3 km from el nido airport .
there are an additional 2 bedrooms set in the pool house .
brindisi airport is 4 km away .
you can enjoy mountain view from all the rooms .
all air - conditioned rooms feature a flat - screen tv with cable channels , a balcony and a refrigerator .
each one is air conditioned and features a fridge and private bathroom .
in the evenings , the menu offers an international as well as local selection of dishes .
meitetsu inn hamamatsucho is located a 4 - minute walk from jr hamamatsucho station and a 2 - minute walk from daimon subway station .
h hotel provides luggage storage for guests as well as dry cleaning and laundry services .
the ensuite bathroom also comes with a shower .
apartment chillout house novalja offers air - conditioned accommodation with a furnished terracee . it is set in the centre of novalja , just 500 metres from the nearest beach .
at apartmani medo you will find a garden and a terrace .
the unit is fitted with a kitchen . a flat - screen tv with satellite channels is featured .
enjoy a meal in the restaurant , serving north and south indian cuisine .
using the petit palais as base , guests can discover the region ’ s countless attractions such as the archaeological sites epidaurus and mycenae .
a buffet is available for breakfast .
located in the historical centre of sighnaghi town , this hotel is 3 minutes ’ walk from the 18th century sighnaghi fortress .
raekoja plats and tartu ’ s town hall are 130 metres away .
surrounded by meadows and forests , this traditional hotel offers year - round accommodation in the climatic health resort of titisee - neustadt , in the southern black forest , lake titisee and the town of feldberg - bärental .
the traditional huts have thatched roof and are made of bamboo .
vilnius airport is located 5 , 5 km from the property .
arena shopping centre is at a distance of 500 metres .
the hotel can arrange hiking and horse riding excursions in the goreme valleys and provide a shuttle service to kayseri airport , 85 km away .
davenport university is 13 miles away .
at niidi tourism farm you will find an orignal sauna from 1860 , a garden and barbecue facilities .
simferopol airport is 76 . 6 km from holiday home on maratovskaya .
a flat - screen tv is available .
ferries to mallorca , ibiza , valencia , and barcelona leave from ciutadella port , 4 km from the villa .
the wiesenhof provides free bikes and nordic - walking sticks .
laundry , car rental and sightseeing tour services are available .
the modern suites and apartments are self - contained , and each has a modern kitchenette , stylish living room and marble bathroom . tasteful details include carpets , marble floors and paintings .
guests can sample seasonal dishes in the hotel ’ s restaurant or relax with a drink in the pub .
uptown new orleans historic district is 2 . 1 km away .
the property offers free parking .
dining area , dining table and ironing facilities are also available in each unit .
all rooms are air conditioned and located on the ground floor .
the property provides lockers in the rooms , but guests are responsible for bringing the locks .
it also offers an international menu .
firenze campo di marte train station is 1 . 5 km away .
larnaca is 7 km from the andreas apartment , while nicosia is 36 km from the property .
located in the very centre of town , the apartments are surrounded by cafes , restaurants and entertainment options .
other services offered include a laundry .
scenic game drives depart in the morning and afternoon , guided ' vulture walks ' take place in the morning , and nature trails are available .
you can arrange guided deep sea fishing tours and guided photo boat tours with the accommodation .
there is dry cleaning services at the property .
furnished with unique antiques and paintings , each sumptuous room at marfield house hotel boasts luxury bed linen , fresh fruit , and complimentary mineral water .
each room at the eco - friendly union hotel has traditional mountain décor and wood floors . all rooms feature a flat - screen tv with satellite and cable channels , and some also have a balcony overlooking the dolomites .
the property offers free parking .
it is 15 minutes ' drive from cape tribulation .
the property is a 10 - minute walk to benjasiri park and emporium shopping mall .
an extensive breakfast is served every day at rossroe lodge b & b , including grilled kippers , french toast , and homemade preserves and bread .
free wifi is available .
for your comfort , you will find slippers and a hair dryer .
the private bathroom comes with free toiletries and bath or shower .
set in the cancún ’ s hotel zone and 3 km from the caracol shopping centre , the sunset marina & yacht club features mediterranean - style architecture , a sun terrace , swimming pool and spa treatments .
each of the rooms at the guest house comes equipped with a satellite tv and a private bathroom .
we are an english free house pub and we endeavour to cater for all palates , offering a varied selection of well kept beers , ales , lagers , wines and spirits , soft drinks , tea and coffee . the plough is a place for community where everyone is welcome .
just a 5 - minute ride from the bus terminal , la casa de pitty offers accommodations in máncora .
a buffet breakfast is included .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
you can enjoy sea view .
each room in hangzhou xiaoshan guoda holiday hotel is fitted with a tv and an electric kettle .
rooms are air - conditioned and fitted with bunk beds .
chargeable shuttle service is available upon request .
guided tours are organised on request .
all day dining options are offered at carliano ' s cucina restaurant .
killwangen ’ s guesthouse ruetihalden offers rooms that have views of the garden and town , and a flat - screen tv with cable channels .
all rooms are equipped with a satellite tv .
at relais du leman you will find barbecue facilities and a snack bar .
at klub zlata ribica you will find free shuttle service , a garden and a terrace .
located in mallemort , squarebreak - appartement golf de pont royal offers an outdoor swimming pool and table tennis .
located in la cadière - d ’ azur , villa kamila offers an outdoor pool and an indoor pool . this self - catering accommodation features free wifi .
courtyard by marriott lima miraflores has a restaurant , where guests can enjoy local and international cuisine .
breakfast can be enjoyed in the living room or , if weather permits , outside on the picnic tables .
london heathrow airport is a 15 - minute taxi ride away .
colon metro station is 800 metres from the property .
in the heart of capri , hotel san michele offers panoramic views across the bay of naples .
you can come and go as you please using the 24 hour access code .
rooms feature a seating area with a sofa and flat - screen cable tv .
a furnished balcony with pool and garden views is featured in all rooms .
guests are offered air - conditioned accommodation with a tv .
wood hollow golf course is less than 15 minutes ’ drive away .
a buffet breakfast is served daily , including local products .
the villa will provide you with a seating area with sofa , flat - screen satellite tv and work desk .
offering free wifi , cgf gray is a self - catering studio apartment located in cannes .
opéra garnier is 2 . 6 km from petit trianon - etoile , while orsay museum is 2 . 7 km from the property .
wenxin rujia trestle seaview apartment qingdao offers has a 24 - hour front desk offering free luggage storage . car hire is available .
this family - run guest house is located on the outskirts of the village of undeloh .
the property is complete with a tennis court , a football pitch and ping pong table . you can choose to relax at the wellness area with hot tub , turkish bath and finnish sauna .
with pools , a spa bath , turkish bath and a wellness centre , tindari resort & marina beach offers a relaxing experience a 30 - minute drive from milazzo , which has direct links to the aeolian islands .
set just 200 metres from the piacenza ovest exit of the a21 motorway , the 3 - star idea hotel piacenza offers air - conditioned rooms with satellite flat - screen tv .
free private parking is possible on site .
several shops , bars and restaurants can be found within a 150 - metre radius .
there are many cycling and walking paths , the krka river invites you for fishing and boating , and the nearby kocevski rog is one of the richest hunting grounds in slovenia .
the fårup summerland adventure park and the beaches along blokhus are only a 20 - minute drive from vraa slotshotel , while the town of hirtshals is 40 km away .
the reception is open 24 hours a day , helping guests with any information they might need .
you will find a shared lounge and shops at the property .
the nearest airport is pulkovo airport , 27 km from the property .
it provides free wi - fi access and complimentary parking spaces .
featuring 360 degree views of walvis bay lagoon , the atlantic ocean and the beach , pelican point lodge is situated at the foot of the historic walvis bay pelican point lighthouse .
free parking is possible on site .
featuring free access to the spa and wellness services , this hotel is a 5 minutes ’ walk from lake vättern and vadstena castle .
many hiking trails are nearby .
guests can also order indonesian and western dishes through the room service provided at the villa .
nice côte d ' azur airport is located 14 km from the property .
the kitchenette comes with an oven and a dining table .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property . you can engage in various activities , such as horse riding and fishing .
it is 3 km from the port and st . anastasia cathedral and bell tower .
wi - fi is free throughout the property .
there is a gift shop at the property .
all include bathroom with hairdryer , minibar , tv , and air conditioning .
there is an ipod docking station , a washing machine and clothes dryer at the chalet .
the bathroom is fitted with a shower and includes a hairdryer .
there is a seating area and a kitchen . a flat - screen tv is offered .
the private bathroom comes with a shower , bidet and hairdryer .
rosslare and its ferry port are 20 minutes ’ drive away , and early breakfasts are available .
fahrenheit rooftop bar offers creative cocktails , live dj performances and beautiful sunset views .
cathedral basilica of cefalù is a 15 - minute drive away .
aria 1 - bedroom cottage is a 6 - minute drive from convent gallery daylesford and an 8 - minute drive from both lake daylesford and wombat hill botanical gardens .
guests of the one - bedroom house and the two - bedroom house have a self - catering breakfast , which they can enjoy in the kitchen .
mantasol is situated 45 km to faro airport and 10 km from the spanish border .
wat xieng thong is only 2 minutes away and local and international restaurants are also within a short walk .
one free parking space is guaranteed for each room or apartment .
the nearest airport is u - tapao international airport , 27 km from the property .
each chalet has a very small outdoor pool available in summer months .
each air - conditioned room is individually decorated .
there is a souvenir shop on site and plenty of shops can also be found within walking distance .
the hotel de paris offers comfortable rooms with a simple and functional decoration .
there is free parking on site .
short stay beach apartment offers apartments round the area of scheveningen beach and the hague . all have free wi - fi , private parking and a balcony .
other meals are served at the restaurant .
free wi - fi is available in public areas and private parking is possible on site .
complete with an oven and a microwave , one property provides a dishwasher and an outdoor dining area .
the hotel ' s 3 restaurants serve international , sicilian and mediterranean cuisine .
parangkusumo beach is 5 minutes ’ walk away from hotel parangtritis .
enjoy hearty german cuisine in the domkreuger ’ s cosy restaurant , and round off your evening in the on - site bowling alley .
traverse city state park is 1 mile away and music house museum is 5 miles from the hotel .
they are all air conditioned and equipped with satellite tv and fridge .
guests at hotel route - inn sapporo chuo can enjoy video - on - demand movies on the flat - screen tv .
they are simply styled with white linens , tiled floors and a private bathroom .
guests have access to a communal sauna , shared hot tub and garden .
buses to merano and bolzano stop just 100 metres away .
the centre can be found within 1 . 5 km .
rooms include a tv , tea and coffee - making facilities and a private bathroom .
simply furnished , air - conditioned rooms come with a wardrobe , clothes rack and a flat - screen tv with cable channels .
set in a 17th - century olive press , villa il frantoio offers an outdoor swimming pool with sun terrace and spectacular views of the mediterranean sea , positano , and capri island .
these condominiums are located right in the center of the charming rocky mountain town of canmore .
a range of beers and wines can be found at the bar .
this holiday home is 73 km from w . a . mozart airport .
during your stay you can enjoy the relaxing atmosphere of the hotel whilst having a drink in the bar area within the garden , or you can visit the solarium , equipped with showers and beds for sunbathing , on the third floor .
it is within an hour ’ s drive from solang valley and kullu bhuntar airport .
some have shared toilet facilities .
apartment cieloalto offers accommodation in breuil , 14 km from zermatt and 50 km from leukerbad .
located in juodkrantė , this quadruple is 42 km from palanga . the unit is 19 km from klaipėda .
the kitchen is equipped with a washing machine , oven and microwave .
fitted with wooden flooring , each unit comes with a flat - screen satellite tv , an electric kettle , a work desk and a seating area .
a buffet breakfast is available every morning at gästehaus oblasser .
a fully equipped kitchen and a washing machine are provided .
guest can find a variety of restaurants serving mexican food , and supermarket within 5 km .
various restaurants and bars are a 5 - minute drive from soo hotel .
this family - run hotel offers a wide view from its south - facing terrace .
it offers free wifi access , as well as a garden and a 24 - hour reception .
located in rio de janeiro ’ s copacabana district , apartamento barata ribeiro is 300 metres from copacabana beach and offers self - catering accommodation .
mount buller is 45 km away .
the famous mulgirigala rock temple is 20 km , mirissa is 49 km away from good karma retreat and udawalawe national park is 65 km .
boasting an outdoor pool , wangthong hotel features rooms with a private balcony , 100 metres from thai - myanmar border at the mae sai . it has on - site parking facilities and free wi - fi in public areas .
all accommodation units come with satellite tv and a seating area . featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with free toiletries and towels .
for convenience , the kitchen includes a dishwasher .
they come with a balcony , en suite bathroom and complimentary tea / coffee set .
this 3 - star superior hotel in berlin ’ s vibrant kreuzberg district offers free wi - fi . hotel prens berlin faces the landwehrkanal canal , and is just 100 metres from schönleinstraße underground station .
the living room has a sofa bed , fireplace and a flat - screen tv with a wii games console and a dvd player .
additionally daily maid service is provided and guests can request laundry services for an extra fee .
guests can have a relaxing barbecue by the pool , or lounge on the terrace overlooking the garden .
it offers guest rooms with a view of the pic saint loup or the surrounding valley .
located in caviahue , this property offers free breakfast , karaoke nights and dinner shows .
the pune airport is a 10 - minute drive away .
there is a free car park right in front of the property .
domodedovo airport is a 50 - minute drive away .
saarbrücken central train station is 12 km away while saarbrücken airport can be reached in 13 minutes ’ drive .
it offers a furnished garden and a ski storage room .
while staying at an ' nupuri niseko northern resort , guests can unwind at the library lounge fitted with international books and internet pcs or receive rejuvenating massages at the spa .
located 150 metres from the old town of budva , alex apartments offers self - catering accommodation with free wifi access .
located in chungking mansions in tsim sha tsui , germany hostel is a 2 - minute walk from ocean terminal and kowloon park .
baan paan huahin is 1 . 0 km from hua hin night market and 700 metre from hua hin market village .
guests can enjoy a drink at the on - site bar .
at munay rooms you will find a 24 - hour front desk , tour desk and a shared lounge with musical instruments and table games .
offering air - conditioned rooms with free wi - fi on a quiet location in hvar , barko rooms is within 150 metres from the nearest beach and 300 metres from town centre .
the nearest airport is seymour airport , 33 km from the finch house ( la casa del pinzón ).
take advantage of the ample luggage storage space , and 24 - hour service at the reception desk .
kotor is 29 km from apartments in vila koral , while bar is 17 km away .
accommodation will provide you with a tv , air conditioning and a seating area .
the beach is 25 metres away .
the private bathroom includes a hairdryer and free toiletries .
sarah guest house is located in chiang mai .
bodrum milas airport is within 90 km while izmir adnan menderes airport is 140 km from the property .
rooms at hotel terradets are equipped with a flat - screen tv , safe and air conditioning .
staff offer free transfer to the beach .
extras include a washing machine .
all guests at the blue apartments - adults only enjoy free access to the swimming pool at a nearby hotel , open from june until september .
private bathrooms have a bath or shower and a hairdryer .
a work desk is included .
parking is free .
there are shops , bars and cafés nearby .
there is a seating area and a kitchen as well as a private bathroom .
within a radius of a few metres guests can find super markets , bakeries , the post office and the bus stop that connects the village to the rest of samos on a regular basis .
faro airport is 160 km from pátios da vila .
set 9 km from garlin and 40 km from nogaro car circuit , gite du vic bilh is a traditional cottage with a garden , terrace , tennis court and free wi - fi internet connection .
the rooms at hôtel restaurant napoleon include a flat - screen tv and private bathrooms with free toiletries .
hotel istanbul is 30 metres from the museum of theatre and cinema , and 500 metres from the marjinashvili theatre .
lavandou port is a 5 - minute drive away , where ferry excursions can be taken to the hyères islands .
a washing machine , dishwasher and flat - screen tv are also provided .
it offers free wifi throughout and serves a sweet breakfast daily , with savoury options on request .
other facilities at sun lake b holiday home 4107 include an outdoor pool .
a variety of activities , including golf and hiking are offered in the surrounding area .
each comes with a minibar and satellite tv . some offer a seating area and air conditioning .
offering a restaurant , king ' s hotel & motel is located in shaunavon .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
the comfortably furnished accommodation includes a bedroom , a living area as well as a fully equipped kitchen .
a continental breakfast is available every morning .
free wifi access is available in public areas .
these family - friendly apartments are located just outside burg auf fehmarn , a 10 - minute walk from the coast .
the garden provides barbecue facilities and a children ’ s playground , a ski storage room , and also offers free private parking .
the apartment is 2 km from sochi train station , and sochi international airport is 28 km away .
the town of chiclana is about 15 km from cádiz , and about 3 km from the a - 48 motorway .
each room has wooden furniture , tiled floors and a tv .
the property offers free parking .
buffet breakfast is available and it is a 2 - minute walk to the nearest restaurant .
24 - hour reception is offered at edinburg motel 6 .
the newly renovated lieblingsplatz , mein tirolerhof is located right in the centre of zell am ziller .
the accommodation is provided with a hi - fi system / cd player , a dvd player , satellite - tv , a washing machine , a spa bath , a sauna , a seating area and a dining table .
guests use shared bathroom facilities .
an on - site garden offers a quiet place to relax .
some rooms include a seating area , ironing facilities and work desk .
some units also have a kitchen , equipped with an oven .
all air - conditioned houses feature garden and pool views .
during winter , public transport is free .
less than 1 mile from central great bend , kansas , this hotel offers an indoor pool and hot tub on site .
this hotel is located in the heart of minsk , just a 5 - minute walk from oktyabrskaya square .
the rooms are fitted with a flat - screen tv . every room is equipped with a private bathroom .
tambor is 47 km from la paloma blanca .
hotel quinta do serrado offers rooms with a balcony with stunning views of the surrounding landscape .
rooms have a private bathroom . for your comfort , you will find bathrobes and a hairdryer .
dorfappartements söll enjoys a central location 800 metres from the gondelbahn hochsöll cable car in the skiwelt wilder kaiser brixental ski area .
comm hotel is located within a 10 - minute drive from the poznań city centre .
a russian - style breakfast buffet and a range of international evening meals are available at the restaurant .
guests can approach the tour desk for further travel assistance , ticketing services and rental car arrangements .
you can enjoy garden view from all the rooms .
utilise this as the ideal comfortable base from which to enjoy your break with a difference .
it takes 10 minutes to drive to belorussky train station from which you can get to sheremetyevo international airport by aeroexpress .
the resort is less than a mile away from el cid country club golf course and the golden zone .
the spacious rooms and apartments are furnished in a modern alpine style and feature satellite tv and a bathroom .
a shared kitchen is at the guests ' disposal at deluxe rooms palazzo drusko .
a flat screen tv and is also available .
various massages can be booked on - site .
fan - cooled rooms boast a private terrace with sea views .
a flat - screen tv is offered .
guests can use a common kitchen with a dining area .
all villas have a private terrace with a dining area and a barbecue .
the bright apartments are decorated in warm colours and offer modern interiors .
the property is 5 km from luer market and occheuteal beach .
surrounded by lush gardens , the villa offers views of the theban mountains and the greenery .
marianna hotel is in the dolomiti superski area , with more than 450 ski lifts .
the property offers free parking .
a 10 - minute drive away , guests can find roussillon and gordes .
located within a 100 - metre radius , all apartments feature a seating area with an lcd tv , a fully equipped kitchen and a private bathroom with shower and hairdryer .
the hotel also offers car hire .
box canyon falls is within 5 minutes ’ walk from the hotel . ouray alchemist museum is 5 minutes ’ drive from twin peaks lodge & hot springs .
the area is filled with restaurants , minimarkets and churches , all within a 5 - minute walk from rossio metro station , offering access throughout lisbon .
guests at hotel banana can dine in the restaurant , which features italian cuisine .
homestay la camera della lettura is located in rome , next to termini station .
each bedroom features an en suite bathroom with a spa bath and shower facilities .
they also have a private bathroom with a hairdryer and a balcony .
located on the zavala peninsula in budva , apartments harmonia budva is 50 metres from the nearest beach and 500 metres from bečići beach . sveti stefan is 3 . 9 km from the property .
it features a garden and a small animal farm on site .
it offers free wifi and free public parking , set opposite the building .
apartments at the captain ' s den all come with a seating area , satellite flat - screen tv and 2 private bathrooms .
bussara restaurant offers thai , chinese and international cuisines .
there is a living room with cable tv , as well as an open - air lounge on the terrace .
willa majerz is situated in hałuszowa , near krościenko nad dunajcem , just 300 metres from the trail to the trzy korony mountain .
santa margherita ligure train station is 800 metres from un mondo per te apartments .
the home is equipped with tv , dvd player , washing machine and fans .
suvarnabhumi international airport is about 28 km from the hotel .
rooms at sofitel saigon plaza offer views of the city .
free wi - fi and flat - screen satellite tv are standard in all rooms at hotel palazzo ognissanti .
the nearest airport is pulkovo airport , 13 km from the property .
split airport is located 9 km from the property .
free wi - fi access is available .
in the morning , a continental breakfast is served , including breads , pastries , jam and beverages .
wi - fi is free at reception .
cross - country ski trails are 70 metres away , and st . johann ’ s town centre and a supermarket are 1 . 2 km away .
ilhéus city centre is located 1 km away .
the landhotel ' zur alten post ' offers cosy rooms with modern amenities , including free wireless internet access .
apartmenthaus solino is located in willingen . the apartments offer a large garden with a terrace , and guests receive a card allowing free use of over 70 leisure facilities , buses and trains in the nordhessen area .
you can enjoy your meal in different locations around the resort , including the roof garden and poolside .
kaupanger stave church is a 11 . 5 km away .
located a 7 - minute drive from shimoda train station , pension manten stars ohama is friendly accommodation with barbecue facilities and a large dining space .
zakynthos international airport is at 4 km and zakynthos town is 7 km away .
the house is also equipped with a washing machine .
the property has its own patio for guests to relax on and perhaps spot local wildlife .
its rooftop sun terrace offers excellent views over the town to morocco .
each room here will provide you with a tv , air conditioning and a minibar . there is also an electric kettle .
extras include a fan .
hotel vila joya is located next to praia de galé beach and is less than 40 km away from faro airport .
set beside the scenic donghu lake , it offers free bike rentals and homely rooms with free internet access .
the north block hotel is nearby french , italian , pacific rim and california restaurants .
certain units have a seating area where you can relax .
all units have a seating area . there is also a dining area and a kitchen fitted with a dishwasher and microwave . a refrigerator and stovetop are also featured , as well as a coffee machine and a kettle .
guests can enjoy an outdoor barbecue during their stay .
staff can arrange transfers as well as bus and boat tours .
cabañas puente viejo ’ s guests can make the most of the onsite fitness centre .
a coffee maker and a work desk are included in each room at sandman inn & suites kamloops .
ferry boats take you to mörbisch on the opposite shore of the lake , where a famous operetta festival takes place .
each room includes a flat - screen tv . the bathroom comes with a shower .
free parking is provided by ferienwohnungen börnert .
featuring portobello market , notting hill can be reached within 20 minutes ’ by tube or bus .
or , you can enjoy breakfast in bed .
apartments feature a fully equipped kitchenette with microwave and fridge . each apartment has a bathroom complete with hairdryer and toiletry set .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and slippers .
the bathroom comes with a shower .
hospederia sagasta country house is located in torrecilla en cameros in the rioja region and features free wi - fi and comfortable double rooms .
the nearest airport is tours loire valley airport , 30 km from the property .
indoors , you will find a cosy bar with a fireplace and comfortable red sofas .
they are air - conditioned and feature a flat - screen tv and a tea / coffee maker .
the independence monument is a 20 - minute walk away , and the ak zholtaj ice palace is 2 km from the gostinichny kompleks chaika .
a local bus stop can be found in 50 metres while zadar airport is 9 km from the property .
with air conditioning and a flat - screen tv , rooms have modern furniture .
one apartment offers a private terrace with panoramic sea views .
the countryside and surrounding mountains offer opportunities for hiking .
the fully equipped kitchen includes a coffee machine , toaster and a dishwasher .
take in pool views while dining at marco polo ' s italian restaurant & pizzeria .
the private bathroom comes with a shower , bidet and hairdryer .
featuring free wifi and a sun terrace , tuckernuck inn bed & breakfast offers accommodation in meredith , 45 km from lincoln .
following jane eroupean style decoration , each room in the chengdu fuyi hotel is fitted with a set of sofa , a refrigerator and a flat - screen tv .
georgian apartment hastings is a self - catering accommodation located in hastings . the property is in a grade ii listed crescent .
this hotel is located close to interstate 95 and next to westwood shopping center .
the studio is located 800 m from the centre of la croisette and 100 m from the ski - run .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with free toiletries .
all rooms at icefiord hotel feature views of disko bay and its icebergs .
the bed and breakfast is 3 . 6 km from basilica of the holy blood , 3 . 7 km from belfry of bruges and 3 . 7 km from the market square .
seafront promenade is 500 metres from city hotel , while batumi archeological museum is 1 km away .
some rooms offers a sofa .
free private parking is available on site .
offering a barbecue and views of the sea , apartments drlja is situated in primošten in the sibenik - knin county region .
church of the savior on spilled blood is 2 . 9 km from tsarskaya stolitsa - 1 , while palace square is 3 . 4 km away .
each capsule is fitted with air conditioning and a flat - screen tv .
fax and photocopying services are also available upon request .
appointed with plenty of natural light , the villa comprises an airy living room fitted with multimedia , bedrooms with stunning views , and a fully - equipped kitchen .
it offers free wi - fi and free parking .
a public lake in see / paznauntal is 20 km away .
they have an interactive tv and a safe for laptops . they also have a minibar and air conditioning .
some rooms have a safe and a work desk .
direct trams run to heidelberg train station in 5 minutes .
with a beautiful , sandy beach on your doorstep , you can spend your days at olympia mare in and out of the crystal clear waters of the aegean sea . evenings watching the sunset can be magical .
arena civica is 2 . 9 km from maison portello , while sforzesco castle is 3 . 4 km away .
rijeka airport is 12 km from the property .
boasting views to rio de janeiro ’ s glória marina , as well as modern décor , loft gloria design offers self - catering accommodation with free wi - fi .
a flat - screen tv with satellite channels is featured .
there is a garden and a terrace at dom tulipan , where guests can relax and admire the views .
guests have access to several shared bathroom facilities ( 4 in total ) on every floor .
w hotel operates a 24 - hour front desk and can assist with luggage storage and fax / photocopying services .
a grocery stire and a bakery can be found 100 metres from the hostel belafuza .
the apartments are 3 . 7 km from the panometer leipzig and 5 . 6 km from leipzig trade fair .
the regina pacis is a hotel in leutkirch im allgäu , just 1 km from leutkirch train station .
a beautifully preserved , grade ii listed building , the diplomat hotel has a convenient location , in a quiet residential area , just 5 minutes ’ walk from belgrave square , home of many of the capital ’ s embassies .
post 8 - ipanema is 1 . 6 km from apartamento domingos copacabana , while post 9 - ipanema is 2 km from the property .
rooms at hotel casa rosa are modern decorated with great detail to colonial architecture .
grocery shops and restaurants can be found within walking distance and the padrão dos descobrimentos monument is a 15 - minute walk away .
a continental breakfast with seasonal fruits , natural juices and pastries is served daily .
just 500 metres from the famous romney hythe dymchurch miniature public railway , this charming guest house offers accommodation with free wifi . the seafront is a 15 - minute walk and rye can be reached in 30 minutes by car .
the upstairs bedroom features carpeted floors and vaulted wood ceilings .
each room includes a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
the reception at the star inn hotel premium münchen domagkstrasse is open 24 / 7 .
a tv is provided .
the kitchen is fitted with a dishwasher and an oven , as well as a coffee machine and a kettle . a flat - screen tv is offered .
some rooms come with shared bathroom facilities in the hallway .
free private parking is available on site .
free parking is also available .
just 7 minutes ’ drive from nautical park of sorel - marina de saurel , this motel offers an outdoor pool and hot tub .
free private parking is available .
the town centre is about 2 km from the property . the hétkúti hotel is about 25 km from the city of székesfehérvár , and budapest is 90 km away .
guest rooms are decorated in traditional mexican décor with modern amenities .
the seating area is equipped with an electric kettle , tea / coffee maker , minibar , flat - screen cable tv and safe .
guests can enjoy a relaxing drink on the terrace .
located just 1 km from châtel , appartement miette haut features self - catering accommodation set in a renovated barn with stone walls and wooden - paneled walls .
each room in 8 inns dongguan qiaotou is fitted with a tv and an electric kettle .
extras include a safety deposit box and a flat - screen tv .
each includes a tv and a private bathroom with hairdryer .
parking is free .
private parking spaces are available on site free of charge .
the nearest airport is pulkovo airport , 18 km from the property .
arenal backpackers resort features shared dormitories and tents for up to 4 persons .
these bright apartments feature air conditioning , heating , a flat - screen tv and a spacious balcony with splendid views .
these fully - furnished bungalows are all fitted with a seating area , a private bathroom , a flat - screen tv and a fully - equipped kitchen .
there is a spacious lounge , breakfast , and dining room area .
all of the non - smoking rooms at the motel one leipzig feature a mobile desk , and wi - fi .
host to the shapla indian restaurants chain , the bay horse restaurant offers a range of home - cooked meals and snacks .
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge and laundry facilities . the property offers free parking .
it offers self - catered accommodation with free wi - fi overlooking the mountains of kefalonia and the lush greenery .
why not round off a pleasant evening with a drink at the bar .
air - conditioned rooms and apartments here include a tv , extra long beds , and a private bathroom with hairdryer .
children have access to the hotel ' s playground .
on - site parking is free .
there are a number of shops and restaurants within walking distance from the hotel .
you can relax in the elegant bar , and also have a snack to recharge your batteries . business guests can book the meeting room with 115 seating places , a hd projector and a hi - fi sound system .
a flat - screen tv and dvd player , as well as a cd player are featured .
a sports centre with tennis , football and basketball courts can be reached on foot within 10 minutes .
the coast is approximately 3 km away and from here you can catch a ferry to the aran islands .
baiyun airport is 35 minutes ' drive away .
scenic walks can be taken in the surrounding area , and the town of halifax is just a 15 - minute drive away .
located 600 metres from the waterfront in split , apartment belavista is a modern apartment with free wifi , a private balcony , and free private parking .
at top hotel you will find a 24 - hour front desk , while there is a vending machine in the lobby .
guests can sip on drinks or hot beverages at the hotel ’ s café - bar .
each chic rentals gran via apartment has a bright living - dining area and a modern bathroom with a walk - in shower or bathtub and a hairdryer .
snacks and sandwiches are also available .
guests can indulge in relaxing in - room massages .
all rooms and villas of at oriades are warmly decorated and feature a mini fridge and a hairdryer .
you can enjoy garden view from all the rooms .
a bread delivery service is available upon request and against a surcharge .
you can enjoy a landscape view from the home .
the well - equipped kitchen at el nido comes with microwave , fridge , coffee maker and hob .
a sweet buffet breakfast is available daily , and the restaurant specialises in typical tuscan dishes .
activities in the surrounding area include golfing , cycling and hiking .
en suite bathrooms have separate bathtub and shower facilities . free toiletries include a toothbrush / toothpaste set .
the lovely courtyard and terrace offers spectacular views of the fairy chimneys .
pukelo cottage has a fully equipped kitchen , a large dining area and a private bathroom with 2 showers .
the wellness area can be used free of charge and comes with an indoor pool , a hot tub , different saunas and a gym .
all units feature a seating area with a flat - screen tv and dvd player .
maxima irbis hotel offers a range of comfortable accommodation to suit different needs and budgets .
the unit equipped with a kitchenette with an oven and fridge .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property , complete with a concierge service .
atlantic beach has a 24 - hour front desk and offers dry cleaning and laundry services as well .
pula airport is located 45 km away .
there is a dining area and a kitchen .
the soundproofed guest rooms are equipped with a minibar and a flat - screen tv .
the nearest airport is suvarnabhumi airport , 13 km from the property .
the unit equipped with a kitchen with a dishwasher and oven . a tv is available . there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower , bidet and shower .
various bars , restaurants and supermarkets can be found within 1 km of the property .
free wifi and a flat - screen cable tv are featured in all rooms .
some rooms have views of the mountain or city .
rooms at ibis budget aachen raeren grenze features a work desk and a tv .
each room is fitted with a private bathroom .
luggage storage can be found at the 24 - hour front desk .
guests can enjoy the sea - view terrace and the bbq facilities on site .
dinner can be served by villa cook upon request .
airport buses leave from plaza catalunya .
this property features a spa , free wi - fi and free parking .
free wifi access is available .
antibes is 53 km from ecolodge l ' etoile d ' argens , while saint - raphaël is 7 km from the property and saint - tropez is 32 km away . the nearest airport is côte d ' azur airport , 62 km from the property .
a breakfast buffet is provided each morning at pension eichenhof . this features a lot organic food and most products are farmed on site .
birth of christ cathedral is 700 metres from stefan cel mare street rentroommd . chisinau airport is 12 km from the property .
the air - conditioned rooms feature free wifi , a tv , an ipod dock and a balcony with sea views .
laundry and ironing services are provided at a surcharge .
the motel offers a daily breakfast .
bbq facilities are available in the garden .
each room includes a tv with satellite channels .
tricesimo is a 5 - minute drive from the property . udine is 13 . 5 km away .
the property also offers special diet menus .
3 - star hotel martex is located in the centre of płońsk , 500 metres from e7 route from warsaw to gdansk .
bright rooms at posthaus hotel residenz are classically decorated , featuring a fully equipped kitchenette , cable tv and a sofa .
all the guestrooms are fitted with air conditioning , a fan and a flat - screen cable tv . the bathroom is stocked with a hairdryer , slippers and free toiletries .
it offers free spa facilities , a large garden terrace , and free wi - fi .
le chalet de l ' adolphin is located in saint - adolphe - d ' howard , about 1 hour drive from montréal .
popular activities in the area include water sports , cycling and hiking .
free wifi is available throughout the property .
rooms feature a tv and free toiletries .
each room is simply furnished and comes equipped with a satellite tv .
free wi - fi and parking are provided .
just 20 metres from pefki beach , villa stella is surrounded by a lush garden with olive and fig trees .
rooms also have a tv , radio , hairdryer and tea and coffee facilities .
this resort is 50 km from gdansk lech walesa airport .
kumano club resort is a 15 - minute drive from kumano kodo road and onigajo .
every unit has a shared bathroom with a bath and free toiletries .
each modern room at bougainvillea relais will provide you with memory foam mattresses and an electric kettle .
it provides free private parking .
free wifi is available .
the property is a 5 - minute walk to lake market . it is a 10 - minute drive to central department store .
the nearest airport is batumi international airport , 3 km from ilia ' s apartment .
free wi - fi is included in each guest room .
apartment na malozemelskaya 14a is an apartment set in novorossiysk , 3 km from tsentralny stadium .
the property also offers free parking .
all units have a kitchen equipped with a dishwasher and oven . a microwave and kettle are also available .
guests at the orlando airport hampton inn will enjoy starting the morning with a free hot breakfast or taking advantage of in - room microwaves and refrigerators .
the house has 6 double and 4 twin rooms , some of them with an en suite bathroom and a private kitchenette .
there is also a banquet hall .
free wi - fi is available throughout .
it provides easy links to destinations including the airport and nürnberg messe exhibition centre .
the nearest airport is phuket international airport , 36 km from villa rawai .
italian , turkish , mexican and fresh seafood restaurants are also available at ersan .
room service is available .
located in playa del carmen , studio one apartments offers an outdoor pool and free bike rental . this property is only 400 metres from the area ’ s beautiful caribbean beaches .
foresteria santa chiara is a 5 - minute walk from the garden of estense that also features a small lake .
the apartment is 11 km from church of the savior on spilled blood .
sozopol bus station can be reached within 2 km and burgas airport is set a 25 - minute drive away .
the spacious apartments provide satellite tv , a kitchen with dining area , and a bathroom with hairdryer .
the apartment features a living area with a flat - screen tv , a kitchenette , and a dining area . the private bathroom comes with a shower .
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings , including horse riding , windsurfing and cycling .
alushta is 50 km from guest house sakhara , while berehove is 45 km from the property .
other facilities offered at the property include a tour desk and dry cleaning .
ngurah rai international airport is a 25 - minute drive , while the famous kuta and seminyak area is a 30 - minute drive away .
breakfast is served every morning at les jardins d ' aïka , and can be taken on the terrace in the garden .
a bathrobe and slippers are provided .
the private bathroom is fitted with a shower .
the property is 2 km from the beach in chłopy .
with a modern - style décor , all rooms feature air conditioning , a fridge and a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
casa rural abadía is a set in a peaceful area in sequeros .
hairdryers are available on request .
the property offers an outdoor pool and free parking .
located 8 minutes ’ drive from central laukaa , this property is 50 metres from the keitele canal .
the ski slopes can be accessed just 50 metres from the property and a free shuttle service runs during the winter .
the bathory castel is 1 . 5 km away , and the barajului lake is reachable in 15 km .
there is a frequent bus service from the stop located just outside and linking to ibiza town , located 3 km away from the hotel .
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower in each unit .
the en suite bathroom includes shower facility , hairdryer and free toiletries .
guests may cook their own meals in the kitchen .
staff can arrange car and bicycle rental .
free wifi access is available .
an atm / cash machine is also available on - site .
the shores of ohrid lake are just 50 metres away .
the centre of fira is just a few minutes walking distance away , with shops , restaurants , tourist offices and museums , as well as the central bus station for sightseeing .
just 200 metres from praia da juréia beach , hotel dalu features a swimming pool , free wi - fi and a buffet breakfast .
laundry facilities are a further feature of the apartment house .
this 3 - star , family run hotel is nestled in the splendid eifel countryside in niederzissen , in the heart of the brohtal region , and offers comfortable accommodation at competitive rates .
la pedrera is 2 km from private rooms passeig de gracia , while sagrada familia is 2 . 3 km from the property .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
guests are welcome to use the sonneck ’ s sauna and fitness room .
corfu and its airport is 36 km from the property .
every room includes a tv . certain rooms include a seating area for your convenience .
certain rooms feature private thermal pool and sauna at a surcharge .
other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities and an ironing service . the property offers free parking .
the rooms are equipped with a private bathroom equipped with a shower .
you can enjoy lake view and mountain view from all the rooms .
best western hospitality hotel & suites features a microwave and refrigerator in every guest room . rooms also provide satellite tv and a coffee maker .
other facilities include a 24 - hour reception , a shop and drinks vending machines .
cable car como - brunate is 3 . 4 km from b & b le bocce , while bus station como is 3 . 5 km from the property .
the nearest airport is alicante airport , 26 km from the property .
the property offers free parking on the plot .
guests at the villa christina stay at uniquely styled rooms decorated with wooden beams and ornaments .
accommodations at the sonho verde hotel boast scenic views from the large french - style windows .
some of the apartments also have wonderful views of the surrounding countryside .
offering a garden , b & b airport bergamo is located in mozzo , 42 km from milan .
flat - screen tvs with satellite channels are presented in all of the guest rooms at hotel de roubaix .
the kyriad ’ s restaurant serves breakfast , lunch and dinner .
gran hotel isabel riquelme has a 24 - hour front desk , complete with a tour desk and currency exchange .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out petbuncha thai boxing stadium ( 2 . 5 km ) and ark bar ( 1 . 8 km ). this resort is 2 km from samui airport .
room service is available .
a full english breakfast is served each morning in the dining room and made with locally sourced ingredients where possible . freshly ground columbian coffee is available and made with an artisan coffee roaster .
activities in the surrounding area include golfing , horse riding and hiking .
they can also enjoy a hot breakfast that includes eggs , sausage and cinnamon rolls .
the kitchen is fitted with a dishwasher , oven , a microwave and refrigerator . a coffee machine and a kettle are also featured .
laguna grande , which features bioluminescent water at night , is just a 30 - minute drive from the property .
each has a private bathroom with toiletries and hairdryer .
monteverde luxury hotel also offers a common - use lounge or communal kitchen and the friendly staff can help with information regarding popular touristic spots in the vicinity .
lérins abbey is 7 km from beau 2 pièces lumineux proche centre cannes , while ilec school cannes is 500 metres away .
wifi access is available at a surcharge .
this hotel has water sports facilities and bike hire is available . car hire is available at this hotel and the area is popular for snorkelling and windsurfing .
guests can order room service and enjoy their meal privately in their guestroom .
guests can arrange day trips and airport shuttles at the tour desk .
it enjoys a peaceful location offering views over the village of tschagguns , which is 3 km away .
rooms have contemporary décor and parquet floors .
you can engage in various activities , such as snorkeling and fishing .
the osmose spa is the perfect place for a relaxing experience . it features a hammam .
the nearest airport is juan santamaría international airport , 63 km from the property .
guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant .
facilities include luggage storage , self - service laundry and a tour desk .
the rooms of the restaurant waldesruh feature satellite tv and a private bathroom with shower .
far out offers canvas tents and concrete bungalows that open to a patio .
free wifi is available throughout the property .
there is also a kitchen , fitted with a dishwasher and oven . a microwave and coffee machine are also available .
a cable tv and telephone are featured in each air - conditioned room .
the garden grille is open all day and drinks are available at the garden bar .
the apartment is 3 . 7 km from spaladium arena .
novosibirsk opera and ballet theatre is 10 km from apartments on petuhova , while novosibirsk state circus is 11 km from the property .
the restaurant offers local new zealand cuisine , and features a cooking station with over 20 different ingredients for the chef to cook a custom meal .
gdansk lech walesa airport is 83 km away .
located in the historic centre of vienna , apartment am gestade is set next to one of the oldest gothic churches of the city , maria am gestade , dating back to the 14th century .
with garden views , all rooms come with a fan and some have a satellite lcd tv .
located 600 metres from dolby theater and 1 . 3 km from hollywood bowl , hollywood modern penthouse offers accommodation in los angeles .
capital international airport is about 25 minutes ’ drive away .
guest rooms at the rogers holiday inn are equipped with 32 - inch flat - screen tvs and ipod docking stations .
apartament wilanów is an apartment located in warsaw , 1 . 4 km from wilanow palace .
the restaurant menu features a wide choice of traditional british dishes , as well as continental - style sharing platters , light meals and daily specials .
a traditional multi - course meal is offered for dinner and breakfast .
super besse ski station is 15 minutes ’ drive away .
certain rooms include a seating area where you can relax .
guests can enjoy golfing at the golf club , which is a 5 - minute drive from the guesthouse .
free private parking is available on site .
some rooms enjoy views over the aegean sea .
each apartment at apartments home hotel na mayakovskoy is classically decorated with warm colours and wooden furnishings .
free private parking is available on site .
rooms are fitted with a flat - screen cable / satellite tv , electric kettle and minibar .
san carlo theatre is 1 km from casa vacanze nicla , while san gregorio armeno is 1 km from the property .
restaurants and shops can be found a short - drive away .
located in hurzuf , 11 km from yalta , guest house on stroiteley 23 features air - conditioned rooms and free private parking .
the property boasts views of the garden and is 11 km from saint isaac ' s cathedral .
free private parking is available on site .
all units come with a flat - screen satellite tv , a sofa and a dining area . there is an equipped kitchen or kitchenette , including a dishwasher .
casa margarita is 200 metres from the zócalo , san cristobal de las casas ’ main square .
this apartment features a tv , a balcony , a well - fitted kitchen and a bathroom .
offering a garden , it is 25 km from mont saint - michel and 20 km from the sea .
restaurants , the national railway museum , the shambles , jorvik viking centre , the castle museum and york rail station are all less than 15 minutes away on foot .
shared dormitories at pop corn feature come with towels and bed linen .
istanbul ataturk airport is located 19 . 5 km away .
it offers modern - style rooms with free wi - fi , and is surrounded by a garden .
each room here will provide you with flat - screen satellite tv , air conditioning and a balcony .
an oven and a microwave can be found in the kitchen .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
free wi - fi access is provided in the entire hotel .
the sorochany ski resort is a 5 - minute walk away , where guests can go tubing down the private snow slope .
hotel galaxy heights offers accommodation in bahawalpur .
there are business meeting facilities offering photocopying and fax services , as well as everything needed for a productive meeting .
the apartment comprises a living area with a flat - screen tv , in addition to a dining table and a kitchenette equipped with a stovetop , fridge and a toaster .
the property offers free parking .
the modern kitchen includes a dishwasher , while the 2 bathrooms have a shower .
landeck is 16 km away and free private parking is possible on site .
casa rural poblado jirdana has a double bedroom and a lounge - diner with sofas and dining table .
there is a buffet restaurant and a snack bar on site .
each air - conditioned room is uniquely decorated and includes a refrigerator , a coffee machine and an electric kettle .
the nearest airport is varna airport , 18 km from the property .
set in a 17th - century stone manor , agriturismo la rosta is surrounded by vineyards in cervignano del friuli ’ s countryside .
this lively area has lots cafés , and borghese gallery and museum is 1 km away .
offering spacious alpine - style apartments with 3 balconies and mountain views , le petit coeur residence de montagne is in derby - villaret , 4 km from la salle . it has a bar , garden and private parking .
the kitchen is equipped with an oven , dishwasher , coffee maker , microwave and kitchenware .
you can prepare meals using the cottage ’ s kitchen , which is equipped with hotplates , a refrigerator and kitchenware .
guests will also have access to a fitness centre one block from the hotel and an on - site sauna .
bed linen and towels are included .
guests can enjoy a buffet breakfast in the mornings and it includes a variety of fresh fruits , breads and cold meats , as well as a selection of beverages .
both unicentro shopping centre and gustavo rojas pinilla airport can be reached in a 10 - minute drive .
a full english breakfast is provided in the dining room .
a boat hire is available at surcharge .
a number of dining options is a short walk away .
fine austrian and international cuisine is served in the cosy restaurant , featuring a tiled stove .
bed linen is provided .
all rooms are air - conditioned and have soundproofing and a desk .
towels and bed linen are available in this self - catering accommodation .
the nearest airport is larnaca international airport , 3 km from the property .
the large windows provide plenty of natural light .
this self - catering apartment offers free wifi and a well - equipped kitchen .
xikai youth hostel is a 10 - minute drive from tianjin railway station .
each unit here comes with air conditioning and heating system , along with a flat - screen cable tv and a kettle .
the self - catered and air - conditioned villa boasts a private pool , stone - paved terrace with sun beds , bbq facilities and free wi - fi .
located in moscow , апартаменты куркино offers self - catering accommodation with free wifi . providing free private parking , the apartment is 10 km from otkrytiye arena - spartak stadium .
anapa train station is 14 km away , and vityazevo airport is 19 km from mirabel hotel .
the attached bathroom comes equipped with shower and free toiletries .
offering a restaurant , a bar and a 24 - hour front desk , hotel dacia is located in curtea de argeş . free wifi access is available in the rooms , and free private parking is possible on site .
the ostrich farm krasi and horseback riding activities can be found 10 km away .
you can enjoy garden view .
los cabos international airport is a 40 - minute drive away .
many rooms have king - size beds .
featuring free wifi , wysoka 5 offers pet - friendly accommodation in szklarska poręba , 700 metres from szklarska poreba bus station .
there are also a shared lounge and shared seating areas for guests ' comfort .
a daily buffet breakfast is provided .
gregorio luperon international airport is a 1 - hour drive away .
local cuisine with organic produce is prepared in the evenings .
the alpine - style frahndl apartment has a furnished terrace , a bedroom with a double bed , a bedroom with 2 single beds and a living room with a sofa bed and satellite / cable tv . it also has a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher , and a bathroom with a shower and a bathtub .
there is a dining area and a kitchen equipped with dishwasher . towels and bed linen are featured in this self - catering accommodation .
the property includes a table tennis and a patio with a hot tub and sauna .
the hostel is opposite the bielsko - biala railway station .
the heated rooms come with an electric kettle and a tv with cable channels .
cable tv and free wi - fi are included .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with free toiletries .
scenic sintra is a 17 - minute drive away .
located steps away from fisherman village and the beach in bophut , siam shades house offers free wifi access in the rooms .
a hairdryer is supplied in the bathroom .
the bright and airy bedrooms feature crisp linens and free wi - fi access .
bisanzio is a beautifully renovated , modern hotel which offers you a peaceful garden area as well as well - furnished , comfortable guest rooms .
a seating area is available inside each unit and on the private terrace or balcony overlooking the gardens .
a hairdryer and free toiletries are provided .
other activities include yoga , cycling and trekking .
kuala lumpur international airport is a 45 - minute drive away , while kl sentral station is a 20 - minute drive away .
free wi - fi is available and you can park for free on the street .
hotel don features free wifi throughout the property .
garni hotel sonnenlay offers free on - site parking , and great access to hiking , cycling and boat trips to bernkastel or traben - trarbach .
wi - fi access is available at an additional cost .
a comfortable sitting room with large sofa - bed , flat - screen tv , has french doors opening on to a furnished patio .
free parking is available nearby and there is easy access to the n502 main road .
they feature exposed wood beams and cool tiled floors .
located in tbilisi , 1 . 7 km from freedom square , nameless hotel boasts air - conditioned rooms with free wifi throughout the property .
guests can work out or relax in the health club above the hotel for just gbp 5 per person .
guests can enjoy the on - site bar and nightclub .
the property offers beds in dormitory with air conditioning and a flat - screen tv . guests may find an electric kettle .
room service options are available to those who wish to dine in privacy .
flisvos marina is 4 . 2 km from coconut villa , while glyfada beach is 5 km from the property .
guests can enjoy european cuisine at the restaurant , or have a drink at one of the hotel ’ s two bars .
at hotel buenavista you will find a 24 - hour front desk .
santorini princess spa hotel is less than 4 km from the lively fira town .
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower .
free parking is provided .
it offers rooms with free wi - fi and sea views .
ski storage room is provided for free and hiking and cycling trails are only steps away .
there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and an oven .
rooms at the conde güell come with a fan and heating . they include a tv , and guests can use the communal microwave .
each has a tv and a private bathroom with shower .
the restaurant serves light austrian cuisine with many regional and organic products .
the property is a 5 - minute walk from the mall hayam shopping centre and 1 km from eilat airport .
extras include a fan .
free wi - fi is provided .
front desk staff is available 24 hours a day and can arrange for concierge services or assist with luggage storage .
the tour desk can assist with sightseeing activities and travel arrangements .
it has a restaurant , a bar and rooms with en suite facilities .
a flat - screen tv is featured .
the restaurant offers regional cuisine .
amenities such as a tv and a radio are available , plus views of the gardens and the surrounding mountains can be enjoyed from here .
wi - fi is free of charge and available in all rooms .
supermarkets , restaurants and bars are nearby .
high - speed internet access is also offered here .
a children ’ s playground is also available .
there is a stop of the free ski bus right in front of the alpenhotel tauernstüberl .
each one has a living room and the kitchenette comes with an electric hob and microwave .
free private parking is possible on site at auberge de la renaissance and etaples is 5 km away .
a bus with links to tiburtina train station and metro stops 50 metres away .
each has a kitchenette with a refrigerator and cooking rings .
the closest public parking is 100 metres away , and the shores of lake garda are a 5 - minute walk from the property .
the nearest airport is lombok international airport , 49 km from captain coconuts gili air .
voskresenskiy cathedral , karl marks square and tyutchev square are all a 20 minutes ’ drive away .
the rooms include a private bathroom . extras include slippers , free toiletries and a hair dryer .
you can find several restaurants , cafés , and a grocery shop within a 5 - minute walk of singularstays roteros .
our hotel enjoys a tranquil and idyllic location near to the border with switzerland , and is a very short distance from basel .
the unit is fitted with a kitchen . a flat - screen tv with cable channels is featured .
free wifi is available on site and each day , a breakfast buffet is served .
an array of activities are offered in the area , such surf , yoga and windsurfing .
the apartment have a living / dinning room with tv , dvd player and terrace .
it features a spacious public bath where guests can unwind after spending a day hiking around the hotel .
at chalet 19 by mammoth mountain chalets you will find barbecue facilities . other facilities offered at the property include ski storage .
towels and bed linen are provided in this self - catering accommodation .
all rooms at balneario de villavieja feature air conditioning and heating . each is equipped with a flat - screen tv , telephone and free wi - fi .
with afonso pena avenue views , the rooms at normandy hotel include a private bathroom , air conditioning , and a minibar .
the hotel features air - conditioned rooms with free wi - fi , a flat - screen tv and a private bathroom .
lanna house is located 5 km from chiang mai train station .
each room at the continental inn charlotte is furnished with a cable tv and coffee maker .
in - room facilities include air conditioning , satellite tv , and fully equipped kitchenette with coffee maker and fridge .
hotel shaddai is located in central palenque .
the haute nendaz cable car is a 6 - minute walk away .
a sweet italian breakfast is included each morning .
situated 5 minutes ’ walk from nyali beach , midview hotel in mombasa features rooms with balcony and sea view .
situated in adler , this air - conditioned apartment features free wifi . the apartment is 5 km from sochi discovery world aquarium .
gluten - free options are also available on request .
offering air - conditioned accommodation with satellite tv and balcony , the newly built apartments marić features free wi - fi and 5 bikes available for free rental .
rijeka airport is 16 km away .
situated only a 3 - minute walk from jungceylon department store and nightlife entertainment on bangla road , rcb hotel features rooms with free internet access and flat - screen tvs . a spa and a rooftop pool are available .
raimundo correia apartment is a luxurious self - catering accommodation located in rio de janeiro .
free wifi is available throughout the property .
each room is equipped with a safety deposit box and minibar .
the apartment will provide you with a tv , a terrace and a seating area .
the property offers free parking .
the karlsruhe exhibition centre is a 5 - minute drive from the guest house .
michigan international speedway is a 1 hour drive away .
a kitchen comes with a microwave , refrigerator and stove .
tossa de mar beach , along with its shops and bars , is about 350 metres away .
alternatively , a range of local restaurants are located within a 5 - minute ride away .
bed linen and towels are provided .
the nearest airport is london southend airport , 35 km from homely holidays martello beach holiday park .
the kitchen is equipped with a stove and oven .
free private parking is available on site .
olymp entertainment park is 1 . 5 km away .
guests can cook in the kitchen , equipped with a fridge and electric kettle , or to eat out in the cafes and restaurants nearby .
located on the outskirts of thurles town , anner hotel and its leisure centre is a pleasant base with friendly staff , fine food and plenty of comforts . originally a country house , the hotel has expanded to include modern amenities whilst still holding on to its old world charm and character .
devonport airport is only 40 minutes ’ drive away .
guests will enjoy a sweet breakfast every morning .
situated in vityazevo in the krasnodar krai region , 10 km from anapa , гостевой дом на уютной boasts a barbecue and terrace . free private parking is available on site .
all rooms are simply decorated and feature a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
the daily buffet breakfast includes fresh fruit juice , pastries and mountain yogurt .
towels and linen are included .
villas come with a private pool or spa pool .
guests can have their breakfast served at their own studio or apartment , or at the communal terrace .
free wi - fi access is available in the public areas , while activities such as snorkelling and canoeing can be enjoyed on site .
guests can enjoy the on - site bar .
jinhua railway station can be accessed in 15 minutes ' drive .
the self - catering units of aloa golfe de st tropez are within 1 km of shops and restaurants . st tropez is 8 km away , while grimaud port is at a distance of 2 km .
the resort also offers bike hire .
located 2 . 9 km from pärnu city center , forest apartment offers pet - friendly accommodation in pärnu .
the property also offers grocery delivery .
you can enjoy a drink by the swimming pool and work on your tan at the sun terrace .
overlooking tropical gardens , the spacious air - conditioned rooms are fitted with elegant wooden flooring and a four - poster bed .
breakfast , lunch and dinner are all served aboard the safari boat .
featuring free wifi and a garden with a pool , mediterranea is a villa located in marsaskala .
the waterfront is just 260 metres away .
a flat - screen tv is provided .
free private parking is available on site .
air - conditioned apartments all come with a terrace , garden views and a kitchenette .
villa emilia is 10 km from the beach and a 25 - minute drive from noto .
guests wake up to a breakfast buffet which is provided each morning while many restaurants and cafés are within a 5 - minute walk .
the hotel is located 100 metres from mui ne market and 17 km from phan thiet market and the city centre .
a wide variety of cafes , bars and restaurants is a short walk away .
it features an indoor and outdoor pool , and a spa centre with sauna .
there is also a kitchen , fitted with a fridge and stovetop .
the property offers free public parking .
opening to a balcony or patio , all rooms and suites at the theodore boutique hotel include a modern bathroom with hairdryer , slippers , bathrobes and free toiletries . a safe and a minibar are also included .
dunoon is at the western gateway to the loch lomond national park .
you can start the day with a rich open buffet breakfast .
you can start the day with a rich breakfast in the garden .
a range of thai and western , as well as seafood restaurants are within a 5 - minute walk from the property .
the itinerary of the cruise includes visit to aswan and luxor which is programmed every wednesday into 7 nights .
the rooms of degirmenli konak hotel include a flat - screen tv , air conditioning and a minibar .
tamegroute is a 58 - minute drive away and free private parking is available on site .
featuring free wifi and a barbecue , hotel georgi offers accommodation in ureki , 41 km from batumi .
the bathroom comes with a shower .
free parking and secure storage for bicycles is provided by pension koeniglich schlafen .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out nicklaus north golf course 3 km away and alpha lake park 5 km away .
schiphol airport is 10 km from the property .
area activities include hiking and krossdalur golf course , just 500 metres from the b & b .
you can engage in various activities , such as cycling and hiking .
it offers bright bedrooms , home - cooked food , free wi - fi and free parking .
overlooking the alentejo countryside , this hotel features an infinity - edge swimming pool , free wi - fi and rooms with private balconies .
the well appointed rooms offer spacious bathrooms and a kitchenette with all necessary facilities .
surrounded by landscaped gardens in a great location near playa del carmen ' s famous beach and 5th avenue , this property offers fully furnished 2 and 3 - bedroom apartments .
the kitchenette has a dishwasher .
set on cliffs overlooking siracusa and ortygia island , grand hotel minareto is a 5 - star luxury hotel in villa bosco . it offers a quiet location , outdoor swimming pool and unbeatable views .
the nearest train station , montecatini t is 2 km away and provides links to florence , viareggio and lucca .
the air - conditioned rooms include parquet floors , satellite tv and minibar .
all rooms are fitted with satellite tv , a wardrobe , a desk and chair and a private bathroom .
a rich breakfast buffet is available each morning at the gasthaus am neumarkt .
featuring air conditioning , wyndel apartments - shelley is located in sydney , 600 metres from darling harbour sydney . circular quay is 1 . 1 km away .
a microwave and a fridge are featured in every room at the parkway inn arlington . cable tv and ironing facilities are also provided .
the guesthouse offers free wi - fi .
the meeting is within easy reach of cesena town centre .
all simply - decorated studios and apartments in golden sun feature air conditioning and a tv with satellite channels .
turku airport is a 30 - minute drive away . moomin land theme park is a 45 - minute drive from the property .
hotel san miguel is located in central morelia , 750 metres from the city ’ s main square and cathedral .
well served by public transports , you can reach the main tourist attractions such as sagrada familia , parc güell park and barceloneta beaches in less than 10 minutes by metro .
surrounded by a peaceful garden , sedanka complex is located in vladivostok .
an oven and a microwave can be found in the kitchen and there is a private bathroom .
every room has a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
it offers clean and comfortable rooms with air - conditioning and a private bathroom .
every room is equipped with a tv . you will find a kettle in the room .
the property is 200 metres from 28 de julio square .
some of the local attractions include : marble arch caves , belleek pottery , ulster american folk park , castlecoole house and devenish island .
summer seedling international villa hotel is a 10 - minute walk from jialefu night market , a 10 - minute drive from art site of chiayi railway warehouse and a 20 - minute drive from the monument of tropic of cancer or chiayi airport .
there are 2 golf courses within 3 km from the property . the main bus and train station are 2 km away .
the property is a 10 - minute drive from jr hodaka station and chihiro art museum .
guests can relax in the lobby bar or enjoy a snack from the 24 - hour market .
the property offers free parking .
the private bathroom is fitted with a shower , hairdryer and free toiletries .
featuring bbq facilities and free bike rentals , la spiaggetta offers bright apartments in sant ' antioco .
the backyard garden is the perfect spot to socialise with the other guests .
casa mediterranea is a 20 - minute drive from alghero fertilia airport .
bike hire and car hire are available at the property and the area is popular for cycling .
you can order dishes from the surrounding restaurants .
à la carte dishes , wine and beers from the local midtfyns brewery are served every evening at the in - house restaurant .
the bathrooms include a shower and ski storage facilities are also provided .
fuerteventura golf club is less than 1 km away and el matorral airport is within 6 km .
innsbruck airport is located 59 km from the property and salzburg airport is located 89 km away .
alkmaar is 11 km away from kerstin ' s zomerhuis and 50 km from schiphol airport .
some rooms have a bathtub .
la feria nature center is 9 minutes ’ drive away .
you will find a shared lounge at the property .
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower .
rooms at hotel ristorante la scogliera have simple furnishings and cool tiled floors .
ratchathewi bts is a 20 - minute drive away .
there is a fully equipped kitchen . the bathroom comes with a shower and a toilet . other facilities include electric heating .
the air - conditioned rooms at bali segara feature wooden furnishings .
each floor at apartments maffei has a shared kitchen fitted with a microwave and coffee machine , where guests can prepare meals .
the property has free wifi access and free parking .
free wifi is offered throughout the property and free private parking is available on site .
al massira airport is located 37 km from the property .
the guesthouse is a 25 - minute drive from big wild goose pagoda . xi ' an railway station is located a 45 - minute drive away . it takes 55 minutes to drive to xi ' an xianyang international airport .
the en suite bathroom has a hairdryer .
fügen ’ s village centre can be reached on foot in 5 minutes .
parking is free .
conference room is also available . free enclosed private parking is possible on site .
the nearest restaurant is also set in the spiežovec .
the accommodation will provide you with a tv and a patio . there is a full kitchen with a refrigerator and a coffee machine .
the nearest airport is krasnodar international airport , 14 km from apartment solnechnyye on artushkova .
guests are invited to prepare home - cooked dishes in the kitchen , which provides an oven and toaster . it also includes a dishwasher and coffee machine , and guests can use the dining area .
jagaditha villas is a 10 - minute drive from sanur beach and a 20 - minute drive from denpasar city .
there are many restaurants , bars and cafés around the hostel .
all rooms here are ample , have been tastefully decorated , feature a mountain or garden view and shared bathroom facilities .
it offers free wifi .
a ski storage room is also available .
cape town international airport is 17 km away , and floreal offers free private parking on site .
there is a volleyball court and a children ’ s playground at the property .
self - catering accommodation is chalets and mobile homes and each feature a private terrace .
the nearest airport is caumont airport , 9 km from the property .
hip inn coffee phitsanulok guest house is only a 10 - minute drive from phitsanulok airport .
this self - catering accommodation features free wifi and is 3 . 5 km from falesia beach and vilamoura marina .
a continental breakfast is served each morning .
the hotel is 20 km from bodenmais .
set 350 metres from barbarossa beach and 1 . 5 km from porto azzurro , hotel barbarossa offers accommodation with free wifi .
guests can start the day with a breakfast buffet .
la salina hotel borgo di mare overlooks the lighthouse and the small lingua lake , which is a halting ground for migratory birds such pink flamingos .
at cabañas santa irene guests will find a garden , barbecue facilities and a terrace .
guests can also enjoy the dominion hotel minden ’ s pub , which sometimes features live entertainment .
meals can be ordered through room service .
each of the guestrooms is equipped with stylish brazilian furniture , a minibar and air conditioning .
offering a terrace and sauna , hotel hon saroy is set in tashkent .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling .
it has a private ground , seasonal swimming pool and a terrace with garden furniture .
the en suite bathroom comes with toiletries and a bathtub .
villa vilamar features free wifi .
it offers self - catering accommodation with a balcony or patio overlooking the blossomed garden .
a variety of taverns , traditional cafés and shops can be found within a short walk from louisa studios .
including a flat - screen tv , all rooms at the maso corradini are en suite and come with parquet floors and an alpine décor .
located in a quiet part of białystok , willa tanona is surrounded by greenery and features a designated area for bonfires .
holiday home bækholmen ebeltoft xi is located in ebeltoft .
blue star allocates 160 fully furnished rooms , all with fridge / minibar , direct phone , satellite tv , hairdryer and most with sea view .
guests can tour the nearby myrtlewood factory showroom , inc .
pula , with its well - known roman amphitheatre is 38 km from mare e monti ii apartments .
the air - conditioned rooms at the guesthouse are decorated in crisp white tones with colour accents .
guests can enjoy sea and river views from all the rooms .
larnaca airport is 35 km away , while the city of limassol is at 30 km .
there is also a cocktail lounge where guests can enjoy refreshing exotic drinks .
there is also an electric kettle .
featuring a bath , the bathroom also comes with free toiletries .
this modern resort is located only minutes away from campana hill national park and offers wide garden areas and terraces in olmué .
there is a bathroom with shower and a washing machine is also available within the studio .
the kitchens are fully equipped with hob , oven , fridge , microwave and a nespresso coffee machine .
these rural villas are set in a picturesque location , in sur del torcal and only 25 minutes ‘ drive of antequera .
the nearest airport is reno - tahoe international airport , 69 km from the property .
the nearest airport is abruzzo airport , 5 km from the property .
breakfast is served at the on - site restaurant .
continental buffet - style breakfast is available every morning .
a hearty breakfast is served daily in the spacious dining room and it includes full irish breakfast as well as vegetarian options .
some rooms also offer sea views .
the accommodation will provide you with a balcony and a seating area .
avenida metro station is just a 5 - minute walk and features connections with most of the city ’ s emblematic areas .
some units feature a terrace and / or balcony .
featuring free wifi a barbecue , willa świt offers accommodation in maków podhalański , 60 km from kraków . free private parking is available on site .
for your comfort , you will find slippers and a hairdryer .
kuopio airport is a 55 - minute drive away .
bariloche airport is 38 km away and airport shuttles can be arranged .
certain units feature a seating area to relax in after a busy day .
decorated in soft tones and dim lights to enhance rest , rooms at boudl abha include a separate living room with sofa .
all of them have satellite tv and air conditioning .
dubrovnik airport is located 9 km away .
the nearest airport is ngurah rai international airport , 67 km from villa wild lime .
free parking is available on site .
simpang ’ s restaurant serves a fine selection of local and international dishes .
each apartment includes a flat - screen satellite tv , safe , electric kettle and dishwasher .
it features a garden with barbecue facilities and free wifi in public areas .
an oven , a microwave and a fridge can be found in the kitchen .
guests can enjoy a rich breakfast buffet in the morning and the property offers homemade cakes in the afternoon .
there is also a communal kitchen available in the guesthouse .
guests can have a drink or snack at the bar , which offers a cheerful ambience and regular evening entertainment .
there is also a free sauna , and massages are available on request .
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
it offers a turkish bath and accommodation with modern amenities .
outdoor activities include bicycling and horse riding .
being located in chiang mai old city , you can find a range of trendy dining options and night entertainment sites .
villa roberto canovas also includes a sun terrace with a pool and barbecue facilities .
breakfast is served in the garden of the pension .
the property is 500metres from san luis and 2km from cove bay .
this historic hotel enjoys a quiet location outside rastatt , between the a5 motorway and the french border .
a 24 - hour reception greets guests at this air - conditioned motel .
bellagio village is 10 km from bellagio and 30 km from como .
hotel rovilta garden is located in anuradhapura and provides 24 - hour front desk for the convenience of the guests .
bolshoi theatre is 3 . 1 km from apartment on novolesnya , while state historical museum is 3 . 5 km from the property .
mount vernon medical center and mount vernon isd are within 1 mile of the property .
breda hostel also offers a communal kitchen as well as kitchen appliances .
at cala alta you will find a garden with a children ' s playground and a terrace .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
offering great service , free wi - fi and a large buffet breakfast , hotel globus is in rome ' s la sapienza university district , only 2 metro stops from termini train station .
the hotel ’ s restaurant , l ’ ecurie , also serves a buffet lunch and serves brasserie - style dishes and pizzas .
a 4 - minute drive away , milano cadorna station offers links to many areas such as rho fiera and sesto san giovanni .
the palais de justice is a 10 - minute walk from the hotel .
the nearest airport is chania international airport , 27 km from the property .
each room at this guest house is air conditioned and comes with a flat - screen tv . certain rooms feature a seating area where you can relax . the rooms are fitted with a private bathroom fitted with a shower .
the air - conditioned suites of fairfield inn & suites twentynine palms have a modern and colorful interior . all suites feature a mini - fridge , a microwave , a seating area , and a work desk .
hallstatt and the salt mines are only 6 km away , and the spa town of bad ischl is only 25 km away .
towels and bed linen are featured in this apartment .
solny square is 1 . 2 km from locativus inowrocławska , while wroclaw main market square is 1 . 3 km from the property .
rooms at bali resort nibbana have wooden flooring and furniture .
on the ground floor you will find the tv and games room , the lounge and a bar that is open 24 - hours a day .
guests of the property also have free access to the nearby nord - als sports center .
some rooms have a microwave , and some have a spa bath .
around the hotel there are beautiful gardens and a minigolf course .
situated in the historic district of newport , rhode island , steps from the scenic harbor and popular area sites , this refurbished colonial bed and breakfast offers comfortable accommodation and friendly service .
each unit is air conditioned .
apple lodge ( miri ) is located 8 km from miri airport and 18 km from boulevard shopping complex .
free private parking is possible on site .
offering views of the white sandy beach , allspice restaurant serves a variety of japanese , thai and western dishes .
city bowling club is a 15 - minute walk away .
private bathrooms have a shower .
a fitness centre and and hot tub are provided on site .
spacious and air - conditioned , accommodation at rest hills hotel apartments provides furnished balconies where guests can enjoy breakfast and room service .
the nearest airport is odessa international airport , 13 km from the property .
hotel freund is popular for hiking and cycling breaks here in the kellerwald national park .
rooms at the family - run hotel tannenhof offer a homelike atmosphere , with wooden furnishings and plush carpets .
mataram square hotel houses a restaurant and modern air - conditioned rooms , a 10 - minute drive from mataram mall .
most rooms have view of the surrounding landscaped gardens .
a supermarket , ice - skating rink , tobogganing slope , spa baths and the bad gastein golf club are all within a 3 - minute drive away .
the unit is equipped with a kitchen . a flat - screen tv with satellite channels is provided .
each room here will provide you with a flat - screen cable / satellite tv , a seating area and an electric kettle .
you can enjoy sea view from the room .
free bottled water is provided while a private bathroom comes with free toiletries .
en suite bathrooms come with a bathtub .
also on offer is bicycle rental , a children ’ s playground and wi - fi in the business centre .
the hotel is 1 . 2 km from guangzhou railway station , 1 . 3 km from yuexiu park station and 1 . 8 km from guangzhou city art museum .
the crystal - clear waters of the adriatic invite to spend holidays actively by going swimming and diving .
there is a private bathroom with a shower .
central blowing rock is less than 10 miles away .
you can enjoy city views .
there is also a fireplace in some rooms .
a flat - screen tv is provided .
they offer panoramic views over the lake and towards the glacier .
a variety of restaurants and bars are located 1 km away in jonquière city centre .
centrally located in saint petersburg , this accommodation offers individually furnished apartments . stn apartments budget is set a 5 - minute walk from nevskiy prospekt .
alberta cottage has a double bedroom and a bathroom with both a bath and a shower .
the kreithlift ski area is reachable within a 10 - minute drive .
the hotel offers a comfortable tv room with sky movies and sports , a snooker room and a separate games room with pool table .
roc blanc is 3 km away and puigcerda is within a 20 - minute drive of the property .
all rooms have free wi - fi , heating and a private bathroom .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including skiing , hiking and fishing .
free local telephone calls can be made from the rooms .
the facilities include a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher , a dining area and a living room with a sofa and a flat - screen cable tv .
free wifi access is available .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower and a hairdryer .
bartolomeu lisandro airport is 5 km from the hotel .
the apartments have a bathroom with shower or bath tub .
nice côte d ' azur airport is 7 km away .
each includes a flat - screen tv , while some have a living room .
sitges is 10 km from la casa de piedra , while barcelona is 37 km from the property . el prat airport is 29 km away .
walt disney world resort is 11 minutes ' drive from the property while the shops of orlando premium outlets are 10 minutes ' drive .
it has a tour desk , a restaurant and an outdoor swimming pool
allianz riviera stadium is 5 km from villa in nice ii , while russian orthodox cathedral is 200 metres away .
at saigon hotel you will find a sauna , a 24 - hour front desk and a meeting room .
the unit is fitted with a kitchen .
featuring free wifi access and a magnificent garden with fruit trees , casa jardin offers accommodations in arequipa .
with such a central location , the hotel adlon kempinski allows direct access to some of berlin ’ s main landmarks .
chinggis khaan international airport is 12 km away .
free parking is available .
a continental breakfast is available at the hotel for an additional cost .
this beautiful colonial hotel features 2 rooftop pools , one is heated with a tub inside and the other one is with natural water .
free wifi is offered throughout the property .
located along the famous tanjung bungah beach , copthorne orchid hotel penang houses a spa , an outdoor pool and a 24 - hour restaurant . facing the sea , it offers spacious rooms with a private balcony .
guests at the olympic can dine in the dining room , which is open for breakfast , lunch and dinner .
gelendzhik is 33 km from baza otdykha shirokaya .
a variety of cafés and restaurants can be found within a 5 - minute walk of the hotel .
a tv is provided .
at the on - site restaurant , you can taste traditional greek dishes , as well as european cuisine .
the nearest beach is lavadores , 4 km away .
you will find a coffee machine in the room .
quality inn city centre coffs harbour is only 1 km from coffs harbour city centre .
a restaurant and a wellness area are featured on site .
toncontin airport is located 4 . 3 km from the accommodation .
the rooms are beautifully decorated and come fitted with freshly laundered beddings and warm lighting .
the brightly furnished rooms feature free wlan access .
there is also a children ' s playground on site , including board games , badminton , table tennis and petanque .
it lies within a short walk from restaurants , shops and bars .
free toiletries are offered .
each room is equipped with a flat - screen tv and free wi - fi access .
the airport and geneva ' s main train station is a 15 - minute car drive away .
extras include bed linen and towels .
located right on the sandy beach of ierapetra , katerina studios & apartments features self - catered accommodation with free wi - fi and balcony overlooking the libyan sea or the town .
wi - fi is free throughout contacto natural and airport shuttle services are available .
for more relaxation , there are steam rooms .
there is a gym and sauna , and massage is available .
popular outdoor activities include canoeing , fishing and cycling .
tastefully - furnished , air - conditioned rooms come with tiled flooring , a clothes rack , mosquito net and seating area .
there is a shared kitchen at the property .
the studio provides a flat - screen cable tv and a fully equipped kitchenette with a toaster , a microwave and an electric kettle .
spanish bay resort golf course is a 5 - minute drive from the pacific grove bide - a - wee inn . pacific grove marine gardens park is 10 minutes away by foot .
a flat - screen tv with sky channels is also available .
in addition to peaceful accommodation , the hotel city inn features a restaurant serving asian specialities .
the kurashiki ekimae apa hotel is a 4 - minute drive to the kurashiki art museum , and a 5 - minute drive to the ohara art museum .
hiking , cycling , tree climbing , paragliding , bungee jumping , sailing and water activities are possible next to lake devesset , which is a 30 - minute drive away .
there is a shared laundry room .
tie dao hotel is situated a 15 - minute walk from fort provintia and the confucian temple .
golf and land cologne golf course is a 10 - minute drive away .
guests can enjoy a varied breakfast in their rooms , or coffee and tea at the lobby .
moscow city golf club is 12 km away .
the colonial style rooms at the pousada aconchego come with air conditioning and satellite tv .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
free wi - fi is also available in the lobby and pool area .
a fridge and a stovetop can be found in the kitchen .
this accommodation comprises a furnished balcony , a flat - screen satellite tv and a seating area .
room service is available 24 hours a day .
hotel rezende is 500 metres from águas virtuosas shopping centre , and 200 metres from lambari commercial centre .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including fishing .
there are numerous lakes and rivers in the surroundings , and las batuecas - sierra de francia nature reserve is 66 km away .
free private parking is provided .
with air conditioning and parquet floors , rooms are equipped with a flat - screen tv .
every room is fitted with a flat - screen tv . some units feature a seating area where you can relax .
you are kindly asked to contact the agency directly after booking to obtain instructions for the key collection .
set in the sardinian countryside , l ' oca azzurra turismo rurale is 4 km outside olmedo .
each features an lcd , satellite tv and private bathroom with a cabin shower and hairdryer .
guests benefit from a balcony and an outdoor pool . free private parking is also available on site .
the original moorish architecture style , a touch of english antique furniture and modern amenities are perfectly matched . the riad features a large traditional patio , a terrace , a hammam as well as a restaurant and a moroccan lounge .
there is also a trampoline in the garden for the younger guests .
in bagnères - de - bigorre , gîte la vialette is a self - catering cottage sitting in a 4500 m2 property with terrace , garden and bbq facilities . free private parking is possible on site .
a train station is a 5 - minute walk away . szántód ferry port and tihany benedictian abbey are within a 35 - km reach .
all units feature a tv .
marmaris city centre is within 10 km . dalaman airport is 100 km from the hotel .
apartments svetlana also includes a terrace .
free private parking is available on site .
there is a private bathroom with a shower and free toiletries in each unit .
wifi access is available .
termini station is an 8 - minute walk away for trains and buses to ciampino and fiumicino airports .
all bright rooms come with air conditioning , free wired internet and a tv .
certain rooms have views of the mountain or pool .
samitivej sukhumvit hospital is 7 km from the blessed home , while emporium shopping mall is 7 km from the property .
the restaurant is open only for dinner and serves regional and italian cuisine .
the hotel also has an outdoor pool with swim - up bar .
free wi - fi is available .
kohtu apartment is a self - catering accommodation located in the old town of kuressaare .
the bar features nightly drink specials and room service is available .
there is also a fully equipped kitchen with a dining area .
some offer a minibar and tea / coffee facilities .
guests can prepare homemade food in the well - appointed kitchenette and appreciate the dishes in a small dining area available in the balcony .
some apartments offer views of the saronic gulf from their balcony .
close to the airport , africa regent offers guests privacy and utter relaxation not far from all major attractions .
blue bird farm tea room & gift is 10 miles from the resort .
guests are welcome to eat out in the cafes and restaurants nearby .
there is a seating area with a flat - screen tv with cable channels and a bathroom with a shower .
a flat - screen tv is featured .
some include a hydromassage shower .
in summer you will certainly enjoy to sit on the garden terrace , where you can grill meat or other specialities yourself .
a washing machine and an iron are included .
the property offers free wifi in all areas .
conveniently situated by nagu marina , hotel strandbo is an excellent base for travellers to the scenic turku archipelago trail .
the apartment is 100 metres from fountain square .
guests can enjoy cantabrian dishes in the torre cristina ’ s restaurant .
gallery lux hotel is situated next to the hattai park , 3 km from the centre of baku .
located just 2 minutes ’ walk from the beach and boardwalk , this motel boasts 2 outdoor pools .
it features a restaurant , 24 - hour front desk and air - conditioned rooms with a cable tv .
bright and spacious , rooms at hostal memphis are decorated with tiled floors .
the shared bathrooms include free toiletries , hairdryers and shower facilities .
guests can sample typical moroccan food at the property ’ s restaurant .
this family - run guest house offers elegantly decorated rooms with air conditioning and a balcony .
chalet jora offers continental breakfast and a 3 - course dinner .
a ski bus stop is 500 metres away and offers connections to the dachstein west ski area , 18 km away .
phuket town is a 25 - minute ride from the hotel .
grand opera house is 700 metres from flat 7 bluebridge , while bettys cafe tea rooms is 1 . 1 km from the property .
breakfast for a charge is available , it includes coffee , juice , butter , ham , and croissants .
airport shuttle is provided at a surcharge .
some units feature a terrace and / or patio with river or garden views .
the hotel is composed of 36 rooms all equipped with tv , bathroom , toilettes , wi - fi internet access and phone .
europe square is 400 metres from apartment na mazniashvili , while holy mother virgins nativity cathedral is 400 metres from the property .
the barbecue facilities are also provided .
a ski bus to the amadé ski area stops 10 metres from the property .
built in a mansion with ottoman architecture , this hotel offers a central location at the heart of the old city , sultanahmet .
several restaurants and cafés are within a 5 - minute walk of the vladimirsky dvorik .
guests can try creative , international cuisine in the burghotel ’ s elegant dining areas .
the hotel is 200 metres from san cristobal cathedral and 500 metres from del carmen arch .
the entire apartment is air - conditioned and includes a full kitchen , a seating area and a cable tv .
rimini ’ s federico fellini international airport is 10 km away .
the central aristomenous square with its many cafes and bars is 100 metres away from galaxy , as well as busy navarinou street which stretches along the beach .
schroon lake is less than 10 minutes ’ drive from blue ridge motel , which is only 17 . 8 km from the adirondack museum .
you will find free shuttle service at the property .
this self - catering accommodation features free wi - fi throughout the property .
it offers self - catering accommodation with a balcony , free sauna and a whirlpool and free wi - fi .
the city centre can be easily reached by public transport within a 10 - minute underground ride .
towels and bed linen are provided .
the sacré coeur basilica is 220 metres away and anvers metro station is a 5 - minute walk away , it offers direct access to the arc de triomphe .
marseille provence airport is located 12 . 6 km away .
wifi access is available in public areas .
zakynthos port is at a distance of 30 km .
all units have a kitchen fitted with a dishwasher and oven .
the nearest airport is cardiff airport , 19 km from 786 newport road .
select rooms have a private bathroom with bathtub and shower , while the dormitory rooms have access to shared bathrooms .
each room here will provide you with a private bathroom including a hairdryer .
featuring a spa bath , private bathrooms also come with a shower .
around - the - clock front desk service and free on - site parking is provided .
located 4 . 2 km from piazza matteotti , casa l ́ ulivo offers accommodation in recco .
springhill suites state college offers air - conditioned accommodations furnished with a microwave , refrigerator and cable tv .
guests can enjoy a rich breakfast that includes omelet and fresh orange juice among other items .
guests can enjoy a meal at the on - site restaurant .
a safety deposit box is available upon request and for a surcharge .
the accommodation will provide you with a tv and air conditioning .
the restaurant astromundo features international , mexican and spanish cuisine .
rambla boutique apartment features a living - dining room with direct access to a balcony with city views .
larco mar and jockey plaza shopping malls are a 5 - minute drive away .
for your comfort , you will find slippers , free toiletries and a hair dryer .
all units include a seating area .
guests can relax with a snorkeling and diving trip .
premier cinema hall is 450 metres away and central market is across the street .
key elements of decoration from the old school have been preserved , such as the blackboard and an antique desk .
there are 8 ski lifts within 400 metres of the property , including u dawidka and nosal .
novosibirsk airport is 18 . 5 km from the hostel , and a shuttle service is provided on request .
free on - site parking is available , and picturesque lavenham village is within a 15 - minute drive .
additionally they have bed linen , towels and a garden view .
ventet villa is located on the outskirts of pollença , 3 km from the historic centre ; and only 10 minutes ’ drive from beautiful puerto de pollença beach .
free wifi access is available .
pula is 9 km from apartments sandra 439 . pula airport is 8 km from the property .
offering free wifi and free private parking on site , b & b alle terme is located in viterbo , 150 metres from terme dei papi thermal baths .
featuring a balcony with city and mountain view , each air - conditioned room comes with a desk , a fridge and a microwave .
ballyshannon is ireland ’ s oldest town , founded in 1613 , and all of its central shops and leisure centre can be reached within a 10 - minute walk .
trams , s - bahn trains and underground trains stop just steps away from the acasa , providing easy access to frankfurt main station and frankfurt ’ s financial districts .
guided hiking tours are organised as well .
all rooms are designed in contemporary style , featuring cable tv and an en suite bathroom .
all rooms at riverside hotel are brightly furnished with fresh décor .
noviy arbat street is a 2 minute walk from the apartments , while the kremlin is 10 minutes by metro .
rio yambala is only 4 minutes ’ walk away .
the casona el carmen is just 700 metres from the nearest beach .
the soundproofed rooms at this ibis hotel feature a flat - screen tv with cable channels , air conditioning and a desk .
fitted with large windows , zagreb ’ s rooms are spacious and airy and are also decorated with soft carpets .
other facilities offered at the property include a ticket service and a tour desk .
the private bathroom is fitted with a shower .
located in a modernised , pre - war wooden building , willa józefinka offers accommodation in the spa resort krynica zdrój .
rockefeller center and times square are within a 20 - minute walk away .
this modern building is located just 1 subway station away from dongdaemun market and 2 subway stations away from the popular myeongdong area .
a typical italian breakfast is offered every morning .
the spacious bedrooms feature antique furniture and a tv with dvd player and satellite channels .
located at the heart of the cazorla nature reserve , in stunning natural surroundings , the parador de cazorla is perfect accommodation for a rural getaway in the north east of andalusia .
leave your car in the free parking facilities and enjoy a relaxing game of bowling .
exeter international airport is 64 km away .
the kazan kremlin can be reached in 5 minutes by foot .
free private parking is available on site .
extras include a sofa , a desk and bed linen .
some rooms have a fireplace while some have river views .
located 200 metres from the beach and 300 metres from the hvar heritage museum , vesna apartment is a self - catering accommodation located in the town of hvar .
the anima proeprty is located 550 metres from the pantheon .
airport shuttle service can be provided at a surcharge .
the nearest airport is shenzhen bao ' an international airport , 76 km from the property .
all come with a spacious bathroom .
all rooms at the hotel are decorated in neutral colours and have a minibar .
the luxury , spacious tents with parquet floors are equipped with a private entrance , seating area and safe .
trams are just a 1 - minute walk from the hotel mingarden . nordstraße and victoriaplatz / klever straße underground stations can be reached on foot in 4 minutes .
madrid experience has free wifi , air conditioning and city views .
they all comprise a private bathroom fitted with either a bathtub or a shower .
located on the promenade opposite venus beach , apartamentos mediterraneo offers a free wi - fi zone and 24 - hour reception .
guests can also go jogging along the nearby alster lake or through the planten un blomen park .
the house is distributed over the ground floor , featuring a sun terrace with views of puig de maría mountain , barbecue facilities and a garden with olive trees .
some units include a seating area and / or balcony .
enjoy free wifi at kristinos apartamentai - malūno vilos .
the private bathrooms come with a shower .
local drinks and international beverages are offered at mlyn bar .
at calitzdorp country house you will find a garden , barbecue facilities and a bar . other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge and luggage storage .
they have a balcony or terrace overlooking the mountains and the hochzeiger ski region .
massages are available on request .
there also is a pub on site as well as meeting and banquet facilities .
hotel alpha - océan is a 30 - minute walk from the historic city centre and 10 minutes from the thermes marins spa .
samui airport is a 25 km drive away .
the comfort inn historic area is located only a short distance from the famed liberty bell and independence hall .
the villa comprises a living room with a dining area , tv and fireplace . there is a fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom with shower .
room and laundry service are also available .
featuring a shower , the bathroom also comes with free toiletries and towels .
the guest rooms at les colonnades are simply decorated with bright colours .
guests can also enjoy a range of massages , treatments and wraps .
rooms come with a private bathroom . for your comfort , you will find bath robes and slippers .
travelling around is hyderabad is made easy with the tour and car hire services available .
tsunami memorial - rue tor 813 is 900 metres from khaolak city hotel , while tublamu pier is 12 km from the property .
julius nyerere international airport is a 2 . 5 - hour drive away .
free private parking is available on site .
yalta 2 - bedroom apartment 301 offers accommodation in golden sands , 400 metres from golden sands centre and 2 . 3 km from aladzha monastery .
azeka shopping center is 2 miles away from these apartments .
the property also features bbq facilities and a picnic area .
they also come with a tv and a private bathroom with shower .
the kitchen is fitted with an oven , a refrigerator and a stovetop , as well as a coffee machine .
a sweet breakfast is served daily in the room .
offering a garden , baumgartners dreiseithof is set in bad krozingen , 14 km from freiburg im breisgau .
free wi - fi is provided in the business centre .
a business centre and fitness centre are both on site .
featuring free wifi throughout the property , kiwi house waiheke is situated in oneroa , 1 . 3 km from cable bay vineyard . free private parking is available on site .
the apartment has a living room with a tv and sofas .
phil hardberge park is within 4 . 7 km of the hotel .
they are simply decorated and equipped with satellite tv , free cable internet , work desk and a safe box .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with free toiletries .
guests can enjoy varied specialities in the hotel ’ s elegant restaurant .
towels and bed linen are provided at armony residence holiday apartment .
the property offers free parking .
orlando international premium outlets , which has shopping and dining venues , is 7 . 6 km away .
the guest house is 1 . 2 km from armação beach and 200 metres from bus central station .
a continental breakfast is served daily , and there is also a bar where you can enjoy a variety of snacks and drinks .
the bar offers a fireplace and flat - screen tvs .
you will find free shuttle service and shops at the property .
most rooms and all apartments have balconies with sea view .
the apartment is set on one level and is suitable for wheelchair users .
all have a seating area with a flat - screen tv , ipod docking station , and coffee maker .
it also comes with a balcony , a flat - screen tv , a wardrobe and a washing machine .
the a22 motorway is nearby .
the daily breakfast is continental and includes neapolitan specialities such as rum baba and pastiera cake .
the unit at house alonia has a dining and seating area with sofa and tv .
benicàssim train station is 8 minutes ’ drive from apartamentos benicasim 3000 .
sanpier - alquileres temporarios is a self - catering accommodation in allen .
a flat - screen tv is provided .
yukata robes are provided , and a humidifier / air - purifier can be borrowed at the reception .
offering a spa centre and hot tub , hotel resort " karven four seasons " is situated in sary - oy .
other facilities at apartment oba include a sauna and fitness centre .
the private bathroom comes with a bath tub or shower and free toiletries .
the property is 8 km from praia do meireles beach , 10 . 9 km from praia da iracema beach and 1 . 6 km from beach park .
the inn also offers car hire .
boasting an outdoor pool , la danesa is a self - catering accommodation in villa del dique .
apartments are luxurious with fine beddings and facilities like dvd players , air conditioning and an electronic safe .
for convenience , the hotel provides laundry services and luggage storage .
guests can enjoy discounted rates at a partner restaurant in the old town , near palazzo dei priori .
the nearest airport is alicante airport , 60 km from the property .
all the rooms are equipped with free wifi and air conditioning .
the air - conditioned country house features a terrace with impressive views of the mountains and the village .
trieste airport is located at a distance of 78 km .
the bright rooms are well - lit and simply decorated .
it features a garden , a terrace and a restaurant , while free wi - fi is available .
urbanización ágata iii apartments feature pastel décor and include a balcony with scenic sea and pool views .
family - style meals are served in the main dining room .
beau vallon beach and a coral reef perfect for snorkelling are just steps from the hotel .
a hot continental breakfast is served daily at the airport comfort suites .
the rooms have a private bathroom .
the kitchen comes with a dishwasher , oven , microwave , nespresso ® coffee machine with capsules and a kettle with assorted teas and chocolates .
guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant .
gloria mini hotel features a shared lounge where tea is served around the clock for free and an on - site parking with video surveillance .
guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant , with grocery delivery available on request . the property also offers mini - market .
skylinevilla guest house is a 26 - minute drive from lisbon international airport .
a typical italian - style breakfast is served daily in the guests ' room .
you can play table tennis at the hotel .
offering an outdoor pool and a sun terrace , playa del carmen macaret suite is located 2 km from las americas shopping centre and 5 km from mamita ’ s beach .
staff can provide information about what to see and do in the ungría valley .
a supermarket can be found 100 metres from the motel maestro and the deva citadel is 200 metres away .
norman manley international airport can be reached in a 7 - minute drive .
lo scoiattolo is 8 km from the start of the gariglione – pisarello nature protection area .
a hairdryer and free toiletries are standard for all units .
apartment rustaveli offers accommodation in tbilisi city . the air - conditioned unit is 500 metres from tbilisi opera and ballet theatre .
you can explore wen temple and hongshan park in a walking distance of the hotel .
located in ebensee , 500 metres from lake traunsee , schlafmeile traunsee is 700 metres from the feuerkogel ski area and offers free wi - fi is provided in the entire building and free public parking is possible on site .
each room has a flat - screen tv . a terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms .
the on - site restaurant serves a variety of cambodian and western cuisines .
parc jacques - cartier is less than 10 minutes ' drive away .
buses stop 300 metres from the property , while zadar international airport is 120 km away .
each cottage contains double bedrooms , a shared kitchen and a living room .
odessa archaeological museum is 5 km from apartments sigurd hall , while odessa theatre of opera and ballet is 5 km away .
a shopping centre is found near grand la strada - kassel ' s vielseitige hotelwelt .
apartment on slowianska offers accommodation in ustka , 600 metres away from ustka lighthouse and ustka promenade .
the on - site dining options include eatery signature restaurant , china spice chinese restaurant and the lobby lounge .
several cafes , grocery shops and restaurants are located within a range of 500 metres from the property .
guests can enjoy a daily breakfast , which is served in the neighbouring casa de los camellos hotel .
the apartments come with a kitchen or kitchenette , a living / dining area , and a flat - screen tv .
there is also a dining area and a kitchenette fitted with a fridge , a stovetop , and a minibar .
beach paradise holiday home comprises a garden and a spacious terrace .
a daily newspaper and magazines can be downloaded for free in the hotel ' s own app .
all rooms are air - conditioned and have a private bathroom .
private bathroom also comes with a shower .
colonial court holiday apartments offers beachfront accommodation in the heart of airlie beach .
the green courtyard is an inviting place to relax during the warmer months .
guests of appartamenti al lumin have discounts at a restaurant nearby .
chalet du verney – b01 features 3 separate bedrooms and the bathroom is fitted with a bathtub .
ben gurion international airport is only 35 km away .
a range of books can be found in the lange ' s lounge . guests are welcome to borrow books during their stay .
the property offers free parking .
boasting lovely views , the breakfast room is on the 4th floor , and can be easily reached by lift .
some units include a seating or dining area , and most of them offer views over the aegean sea or the garden .
surrounded by the beautiful blue ridge mountains and just a short drive from appalachian state university , this blowing rock , north carolina hotel provides a free hot breakfast daily .
other facilities at portuguese living chiado one include a terrace .
conventillo de lujo is 36 km from ezeiza international airport , and 400 metres from ministro carranza metro and railway station .
free wi - fi access and a flat - screen tv with cable are available in all rooms at expressway suites fargo .
this historic , 4 - star hotel in central munich offers rooms with free wi - fi , and a rich breakfast buffet every day .
mandalay villas also includes an outdoor pool .
double - glazed windows ensure a quiet and peaceful night ' s rest .
the nearby alexanderplatz s - bahn train station ( 1 km ) provides a direct connection to the brandenburg gate and tiergarten park .
a flat - screen tv , a minibar and facilities for making tea and coffee are provided .
the island ’ port is accessible within a short drive and naxos national airport is approximately 3 km away .
a bar , a pub and a supermarket also feature on site .
all include a fully equipped kitchen , with a microwave and dining area .
free snorkelling and swimming with turtles is included for stays of 1 week or more .
the comfortable rooms feature individual décor , free wifi and an outdoor area .
casa bahia de marbella has a garden with a furnished terrace and impressive views .
the friendly staff at ibis budget surabaya airport can assist with luggage storage for free .
pietermatitzburg is 70 km away and the property offers free private parking on site .
castiglione del lago , on the shores of lake trasimeno , is a 1 - hour drive away .
a flat - screen tv and dvd player are offered .
restaurants can be found within 150 metres .
views of the valais alps can be enjoyed from the balcony .
bergamo orio al serio airport can be reached in 12 minutes by car .
alicante airport is 64 km from the property .
a flat - screen satellite tv , a microwave and a refrigerator are included in all rooms at best western deer park inn and suites . select rooms offer sofa beds and relaxing spa baths .
you can enjoy a garden view from the rooms .
indian and international cuisines are served at 24 / 7 restaurant , baluchi restaurant and trendz restaurant .
located in arezzo , 600 metres from piazza grande , le casine di betti bellamaria boasts a terrace and views of the garden .
located in the mountain resort of białka tatrzańska , pensjonat pod kotelnicą offers accommodation with free wi - fi and private parking .
buffet breakfast is served each morning and can be enjoyed on the sunny terrace , surrounded by peaceful nature . the owners of this family run hotel will gladly advise the guests on nearby attractions and activities , and suggest the best restaurants and beaches .
an indoor and an outdoor pool , a massage and beauty parlour , a fitness room , and 3 tennis courts are also available at cordial golf & wellness hotel .
all units here are equipped with a tv .
some rooms feature views of rock creek .
all rooms are equipped with air conditioning and heating systems and personal lockers .
some of them have a balcony with city views .
lake view apartments akrotiri is located right opposite the lake in akrotiri village .
they all have a private balcony with garden views .
several restaurants are within walking distance from art bed breakfast .
situated in durrës , pavaresia beach apartment offers self - catering accommodation with free wifi . the unit is 1 . 3 km from port of durres .
each morning , a light continental breakfast is served in the residencial ’ s breakfast room .
some rooms offer a balcony .
saint basil ' s cathedral is 13 km from apartment samarkandskiy boulvar , while lenin mausoleum is 14 km away .
the air - conditioned rooms feature tatami ( woven - straw ) floors and japanese yukata robes for all guests .
the bathroom is fitted with a shower .
a private terrace with garden and pool views is attached to each air - conditioned room in pondok dukuh soca .
the 24 - hour front desk offers safety deposit box and luggage storage services .
located near pearl beach in ko chang , pearl beach holiday apartment is a 2 - bedroom apartment with free wifi access .
free car and truck parking is provided at days inn macon interstate 475 as well .
the property offers free parking .
during the summer , lunch and dinner can also be served on the sea - views terrace .
the nearest airport is zagreb airport , 16 km from the property .
guests can choose to stay in dormitory rooms or private rooms .
accommodation is self catering .
the public outdoor - and indoor swimming pool freizeitzentrum neustift is 1 km away .
trips to jerusalem , the dead sea and masada can be organised .
drinks are available in the lobby bar and on the rooftop terrace .
knoxville airport - alcoa candlewood suites includes a barbecue area and a children ’ s playground .
make use of the hotel ' s great wellness and fitness facilities and of the vrtovin conference room for business and private events .
with a satellite tv and minibar , all classic - style rooms at hotel eurosol alcanena come with parquet floors and a work desk .
rooms at hotel e pousada do rosa - eireli are decorated in light and tranquil colours .
guests enjoy free entry to swimming lake gösseldorf .
the property offers free private parking , and is located 9 km from fidenza .
free wifi is available throughout .
guest rooms at the ft .
topkapi palace , hagia sophia , bascillica cistern and the tramline are within 1 km .
accommodation will provide you with a tv , air conditioning and a balcony .
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven .
assistance with canoe or raft rental can be provided as well .
the unit is fitted with a kitchen .
featuring a shower , the private bathroom also comes with free toiletries . extras include cable channels .
the self - catering , budget apartments come equipped with a tv , fridge and an en - suite bathroom .
the beach is only 100 metres from the royal luxus wellness apartman , which is offering air - conditioned apartments and a wellness area with an indoor pool .
guests can enjoy massage treatments on site .
the air - conditioned unit is 200 metres from agia fotini church .
apart ' s hotel is located in essentuki , a 10 - minute walk from resort area with mineral water , and offers self - catering accommodation .
offering an outdoor pool , laguna bay 2 by pattaya suites is located in pattaya south , 2 . 2 km from walking street pattaya . pattaya viewpoint is 1 . 3 km from the property .
you can enjoy a view of the city from the room .
pension sonnberg has a garden with barbecue facilities and a children ’ s playground .
a grocery store and bakery is also found 500 metres away .
other facilities at baan chidchaba include a terrace .
chatuchak weekend market is 2 . 4 km from bannpipat , while central festival eastville is 5 km from the property .
the property offers a free shuttle service .
catania and fontanarossa airport are both within 60 km of the property .
all of them comprise a private bathroom fitted with a bathtub or a shower , as well as a hairdryer .
just 300 metres from acqua park bathing facility , this hotel offers air - conditioned rooms with free wi - fi and free parking .
they offer easy access to public transport .
the apartments have 1 or 2 bathrooms with a hairdryer .
guests can relax with a spa treatment or make use of the meeting rooms provided . sambi resort offers free parking for those who drive .
limassol town lies within 15 km , while paphos international airport is 49 km .
pgs hotel sandy bay resort is a 2 - minute drive from fisherman village . it is a 10 - minute drive from samui international airport .
for your comfort , you will find slippers and free toiletries .
breakfast is provided each morning at la bournerie .
guests can indulge at the tróia restaurant , which offers mouth - watering contemporary mediterranean dishes .
parma is a 40 - minute drive away .
the cable car to isola bella island is a 3 - minute walk away .
the beaches of arenella are 7 km from the property . noto is a 40 - minbute drive away .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
the living room has a flat - screen tv with cable channels .
the bright kvart apartments at arbat are located in moscow , within a 5 - minute walk for the popular arbat pedestrian area .
free wifi is offered throughout the property .
free private parking is available on site .
guests have access to a shared lounge , ticket service and tour desk .
the hotels offers free wi - fi and some laptops are available for guests to use for free .
guests can also use the garden at phoenix i complex alexander services apartments .
situated in divnomorskoye , a 15 - minute walk of the black sea shore , pansionat flamingo features outdoor and indoor swimming pools and a spa and wellness centre with sauna , hot tub and fitness centre . various treatment procedures are available on site .
concordia is located in podgórzyn in the karkonosze mountain range , 15 km from the czech boarder .
massage and spa facilities are provided at a surcharge .
an airport shuttle service is available , and there is free parking available on - site .
tour arrangements can be made at the travel desk .
the beauty of bali can be explored with the car rental or area shuttles offered .
featuring 3 outdoor pools filled with artesian spa water , it offers a restaurant and free parking on site .
some of the recommended activities in the surrounding area include snorkelling .
located in arkhangelsk , this apartment features free wifi . the apartment is 400 metres from trud stadium .
palace of culture and science is 500 metres away .
grocery delivery and packed lunches are available on request .
florianópolis city center and bus station are at a distance of 27 km , while hercílio luz international airport is 37 km away .
the mgarr ferry terminal is a 15 - minute drive away and provides links to mainland malta .
jiangtian shanghai hotel is a 5 - minute drive from shanghai expo park and a 10 - minute drive from the bund .
located in weifang city centre opposite dongyuan park , city government hotel features a mahjong room and business centre . all rooms come with free wired internet .
the private bathroom with shower includes toiletries .
palanga airport is less than 50 km away from this hotel .
offering a restaurant , maison d ' hôtes ghalil is located in ouarzazate .
there is a dining area and a kitchen .
it features a lush garden and free wi - fi throughout the premises .
immaculate conception church is 7 km from sonikas heritage , while bridge panji is 7 km from the property .
the orlando premium outlets and seaworld orlando are both within 20 minutes ’ drive of the properties .
every unit is fitted with a private bathroom with a shower .
an extensive menu of beauty and spa treatments is available at brilliant resort chongqing .
free wi - fi is available in public areas .
the dining area includes a fully equipped kitchen .
indoor and outdoor pools , a tennis court and a sauna with a hot tub are offered at this hotel . free wifi is provided .
townhouse lies on a quiet side road , 200 metres from the düsseldorf puppet theatre .
for dining option guests can explore the surrounding area where various restaurants can be found just a 5 - minute walk away .
at lucky ' s b & b you will find a terrace .
restaurant degersand is within 800 metres .
staff are happy to provide more information about outdoor activities in the surrounding area , and there is a ticket service for cabarceno natural park , located 13 km away .
trabzon airport is 8 km away .
a beautiful common court - yard at birches , with barbecue facilities , is at your disposal .
free wifi is available throughout the property and free private parking is available on site .
located 11 minutes ’ drive away from hollywood boulevard , this hotel features guest rooms equipped with free wi - fi .
a wide selection of thai , italian and international dishes is served at no . 43 italian bistro .
the kitchenette features a microwave , a toaster and a fridge , as well as a kettle .
rio de janeiro / galeão international airport is 26 km away .
at the mia hotel breakfast is available daily in the restaurant .
holiday home fjælstaunijn nexø is located in snogebæk . it can accommodate up to eight guests .
casa di nina is 2 km from avignon and the papal palace , and 4 km from the train station .
if offers non - smoking accommodation with free wi - fi access .
featuring a 24 - hour front desk , the homestay has its own garden .
all rooms include a mounted flat - screen cable tv and free wi - fi .
guests can swim in the indoor pool , or relax in the jacuzzi .
amenities at the apartment opera also include separate living and dining areas as well as furnishings made of solid wood .
free parking can be found outside the apartments and a nearby bus stop provides regular links to solsona , 16 km away .
the accommodation will provide you with a satellite - tv , dvd - player , a cd - player and air conditioning .
featuring in a traditional decoration , each guest room has a flat - screen tv and is individually styled .
guests can use free wi - fi at the public areas .
certain rooms have a seating area where you can relax .
at hoan vu universe , the friendly staff can assist with laundry / ironing services , ticketing and tour arrangements .
it also offers a bicycle and car rental service .
the gasthof weiherbad is a small , elegant hotel , surrounded by meadows and woodland in the wonderful niederdorf villabassa spa park .
the buoi rossi offers easy access to the a26 motorway .
the resort offers an outdoor pool and free internet access .
meir shopping district is 600 metres away .
there is a fully equipped kitchen with an oven , a fridge and a microwave .
the nearest airport is zakynthos international " dionysios solomos " airport , 7 km from the property .
you can also rent a bicycle from reception .
the restaurant serves typical dishes from the area , including game .
athena hotel is a 10 - minute drive from lujiazui financial district , a 10 - minute drive from century park and a 20 - minute walk from shanghai science & technology museum .
the alpenbad public swimming pool is 500 metres away .
there is also a kitchen in some of the units , fitted with an oven and microwave .
all rooms have a tv .
plaza catalunya is 1 km from center of barcelona - travel support .
you can engage in various activities , such as golfing and hiking .
the nearest grocery store is 300 metres away .
the hare & hounds has a 2 aa rosette for its food .
set in odessa , this air - conditioned apartment features free wifi .
offering a restaurant , landgasthof lindenhof is located in steingaden .
temporary home arco della pace is 5 minutes ’ walk from the corso sempione area .
the property offers free parking .
facilities include a sun terrace and a 24 - hour front desk .
a 24 - hour snack bar and grocery shopping service are also available .
staybridge suites rogers has a fitness centre , a laundromat and a business center .
chambre d ' hôtes les bienvenus features free wifi throughout the property .
from lerici , you can take a ferry to porto venere and the palmaria island .
private bathroom also comes with a shower .
cable tv and a seating area are provided in the rooms at days inn petoskey .
located in a building accessible by stairs only , times square studio 46 offers accommodation in new york . times square is 200 metres from the property .
bathroom facilities are private or shared .
this motel is less than 10 minutes ’ drive from wildstone golf course , the canadian museum of rail travel and college of the rockies .
a buffet breakfast is also available .
free beach towels are provided , and bathrooms are fitted with a hairdryer .
the property has a spacious lobby with bar and couches , as well as well - equipped meeting facilities .
the restaurant specialises in local and classic italian dishes .
there is also a bar , open during the summer months .
the aiguestortes i estany de sant maurici national park is just 3 km from the tarter .
free wired internet connection is also provided .
free wi - fi access is available at this property .
the property features rustic details such as exposed wooden beams and comes with a living area with a sofa , tv , dvd player and dining area .
other facilities offered at the property include a tour desk and luggage storage .
the résidence les sources is 15 kilometres from the a7 motorway and 20 kilometres from avignon - caumont airport .
termini train station with links to fiumicino airport is only a 10 - minute walk away .
set in a beautiful park , this guest house is 800 metres from véu de noiva waterfall .
köröshegy flekken panzió bed & breakfast is located in a small village of köröshegy , 3 . 5 km from the balaton lake .
it offers öresund strait views and a communal kitchen .
free private parking is also available .
taste delightful cuisine in the stylish restaurant and unwind out on the terrace .
a flat - screen cable tv , ipod docking station and minibar are included .
ibis glasgow city centre – sauchiehall st is a 10 - minute walk from glasgow central railway station .
this hotel is idyllically situated right on the river main , and has a large and inviting chestnut tree garden as well as a sunny breakfast terrace .
there is a fully - equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
accommodation is air conditioned and comes with a tv and sofa bed .
minsk ring road is a 5 - minute drive from the property .
guests can dine in the resort ' s restaurant .
conveniently located in bostanci , plus hotel bostanci atasehir offers a spa centre and massage treatments .
san marino can be reached by car in just 30 minutes .
other services include a currency exchange , ticketing and car rentals .
bukowina tatrzańska is 20 km from apartamenty na polanie .
there is a dining area , a fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom with a bath and a shower .
the self - catered accommodation looks out onto the ocean and offers a fully equipped kitchen .
room 192 / 183 @ pvpb is less than a 5 - minute walk from jungceylon shopping mall and bangla boxing stadium .
the hotel is 700 metres from the popular park street and 1 . 2 km from the large marble building of victoria memorial .
set 400 metres from the unesco - protected diocletian ’ s palace , primus apartment split offers air - conditioned accommodation with free wi - fi and a flat - screen satellite tv . the popular promenade riva with various bars , restaurants and shops is 600 metres away .
there is also poolside bar operating 24 hours a day .
avebury stone circle is a 10 - minute walk away .
each unit features a separate bedroom and a bedroom with kitchenette and dining area .
a variety of cafés and restaurants can be found within a 5 - minute walk of the property .
set in a charming 19th - century building in the middle of helsingborg , elite hotel mollberg offers rooms with unique classical décor and tasteful furnishings .
ideal for preparing home - cooked meals , the kitchen comes with a dishwasher , coffee machine and dining table .
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings , including horse riding , cycling and hiking .
each room provides a flat - screen cable tv , a coffee maker and a refrigerator stocked with complementary spring water .
several hiking and cycling trails start directly at the property , and , if needed , free sports equipment is provided on site as well .
the hotel has a rooftop with infinity pool , private beach area , and suites with free high - speed wifi .
guests can also relax in the garden with a terrace .
menara airport is located 16 km from marrakech la villa 27 .
located in rio de janeiro , apartamento francisco otaviano offers a restaurant and a bar on its public areas . this self - catering accommodation features free wifi and is set 200 metres from post 7 - arpoador and 300 metres from dorival caymmi statue .
offering views of the outeniqua mountains , cherry berry guest house is located a 5 - minute drive from central george .
the apartments include a kitchenette with a stove , sink and utensils .
the hotel can organise airport transfer or help you to hire a car .
guests can choose between refurbished rooms with a large double bed and a private bathroom , or spacious suites with a lounge area , en suite bathroom with a freestanding bathtub and a private courtyard or balcony .
wireless internet is available in the entire penzion benatky free of charge .
some rooms include views of the mountains or river .
the on - site restaurant kattegat offers traditional danish food and sea views .
the via venezia 206 b & b will provide your suite with sweet ingredients for breakfast , including coffee .
in the hotels snack bar you can sip a refreshing beverage , have a quick bite or sample some tasty meals .
extras include satellite channels .
the restaurants specialise in modern scottish cuisine , with a strong highland influence and serve exquisite seasonal menus , prepared using the finest local produce .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out copacabana beach ( 5 . 5 km ).
breakfast and dinner feature japanese cuisine using vegetables from the hotel ’ s own organic farm .
guarded parking is available free of charge at the bystrička hotel as well .
free private parking is available on site .
a scheduled shuttle to the airport can be provided .
bed linen and towels are provided .
surrounded by stunning alpine scenery , the hotel postigliun is just 250 metres from the bus stop in andiast and it offers fine cuisine and stunning views from the restaurant terrace .
free parking is available on site .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including hiking .
hotel zhuravli offers free wi - fi and as well as an indoor swimming pool , sauna and mini - gym .
after enjoying the continental breakfast , you may choose to visit le tréport , which is 26 km away .
the apartments are less than 50 metres from the paseo costa canaria promenade , where there is a selection of shops , bars and restaurants .
lézert river is 500 metres from le clapas and roucarié lake with water activities is 20 km away .
the private bathroom is complete with a bath or shower .
the apartment offers a separate bedroom and a balcony with garden view . the living room is equipped with a flat - screen tv with cable channels and views over the city ' s square .
the rooms are equipped with a desk and a telephone .
flybalaton airport can be reached within 10 km .
guests of oasis camp sam can head to the games and activity centre or the garden to unwind .
each apartment has a large private balcony , some with sea views .
stargate dining & bar on the top floor features international cuisines .
featuring a garden and free wi - fi , apartments marko is located in split . it is 500 metres from the beach and restaurants . diocletian ' s palace and cathedral of saint domnius are 9 km away .
there is a large supermarket just a 5 - minute walk away , whilst the bars and restaurants of filey are within 0 . 5 miles of the property .
bathrooms feature free toiletries , a shower and underfloor heating .
european , chinese , indonesian and local cuisine can be enjoyed at the resort ’ s blue royal beach restaurant .
rotorua international airport is a 25 - minute drive away .
the kitchen is fitted with a microwave . a flat - screen tv is provided .
hostel cccp plus is located in saint petersburg , a 10 - minute walk from dostoyevskaya and vladimirskaya metro stations .
at emerald palace premium , guests can find facilities like a games room and luggage storage .
other rooms also come with a hydromassage tub .
you will receive vouchers for breakfast , that includes both sweet and savoury items and is served at a café nearby .
the property offers free parking .
located in cluj napoca , 1 km from the train station and city centre , green house apartment is a modern unit featuring a flat - screen cable tv and free wifi . the samsara tea house and restaurant is just 200 metres away .
rooms at the clifton all include a tv , telephone , 24 - hour room service and free tea and coffee .
gustavo díaz ordaz international airport is only 3 minutes ’ drive away .
guests have access to coin - operated laundry facilities .
each suite has a bathroom with hot tub and over - sized walk - in showers .
the nearest airport is manchester airport , 12 km from the property .
the fully equipped kitchen features a refrigerator , a coffee maker and an oven .
set in the main builiding or in an annex 10 metres from the main building , rooms at the falli hotel all come with air conditioning , a satellite flat - screen tv and minibar .
guests can use the communal kitchen , the tv room open from 08 : 00 to 23 : 00 , and computers with internet .
the casa vittorio apartment features a kitchen with dining area , and a bedroom with double bed .
mytilini international airport is 68 km away .
cape st francis beach is only a short walk away from the apartments .
the hotel also provides laundry services and a 24 - hour front desk .
visit the hotel ’ s cosy café , with its welcoming terrace , where as many as 15 - 25 different types of cakes and gateaux are prepared daily .
the water park is closed on mondays .
free private parking is available on site .
parisgaja features free wifi throughout the property .
caiazzo metro station is 450 metres from central station affittacamere .
you will find a tour desk at the property .
the non - smoking rooms of the hotel fürstenhof include satellite tv , a minibar and a private bathroom with hairdryer .
there is a 24 - hour front desk and hairdresser ' s at the property .
a washing machine , oven and microwave are included in the kitchen .
you can enjoy a drink on the green park ’ s roof terrace , which offers views over the city and forest .
as well as the full kitchen with a dishwasher and a refrigerator , the barbecue facilities allow guests to prepare their own meals .
featuring a furnished garden with bbq facilities , mazzini home is just 300 metres from the beach in forte dei marmi .
royal łazienki park is 3 . 5 km from a & a apartments business point , while lazienki palace is 3 . 7 km from the property .
each room has a simple berber décor and includes a private bathroom with a shower .
situated 1 . 3 km from rivyera park in sochi , this apartment features free wifi . sochi panorama boasts views of the sea and is 1 . 5 km from green theatre .
brightly decorated rooms at best western rayne inn have a flat - screen tv with cable channels and a work desk .
a transfer service to and from eppley airfield , omaha city centre and old market is available .
you can drive to the lively town of benidorm in around 10 minutes from alborada golf .
some units include a fireplace .
the nearby harz national park enables guests to participate in numerous outdoor activities .
the air - conditioned unit is 22 km from lerici .
this fully furnished rental apartment is situated in the centre of the subtropical city posadas near de paraná river bank .
the rooms have shared bathrooms .
phi phi andaman legacy resort is steps from the clear waters of ton sai bay and a 10 - minute walk from phi phi don island ’ s main pier .
lüneburg is a 15 - minute car ride from the hotel , and driver will find free parking on site .
housed in a historical building , the grand hotel rzeszów is located 50 metres from the market square and offers individually designed luxurious rooms with free internet and satellite tv .
warsaw ' s old town is about 4 km away .
the lachtal ski resorts features 40 km of well - groomed slopes up to 2 , 222 metres above sea level .
holiday home srida sela gornja podgora iv is located in podgora . it can accommodate up to nine people .
this hotel offers numerous on - site facilities to satisfy even the most discerning guest .
ferienwohnung bacharach offers a fully equipped kitchen , and a terrace .
a living area with a satellite tv and a sofa bed is provided in each cottage at sundog retreat .
you will find a shared kitchen at the property .
situated in the historic centre of nerja , hostal dianes has all the facilities to make your stay a pleasant one .
the elegant rooms include free wifi and a flat screen tv with international channels .
a wellness centre with a gym is 200 metres away , while various water sports facilities can be found on the beach .
the property features sea and mountain views .
larnaca international airport is located 65 km away .
rooms include a private bathroom equipped with a shower .
a variety of restaurants , shops and bars are within 5 minutes ' drive from the house .
pescara is a 50 - minute drive away .
the area is popular for cycling and hiking .
the 24 - hour front desk can secure shuttles to chaiten airfield 64 km away and esquel airport 200 km away .
münchen - in der grünen city offers accommodation in munich , 200 metres from bavarian national museum . the unit is 1 km from hofbräuhaus .
free use of bicycles is available at the property and the area is popular for cycling .
a breakfast buffet is available daily in the dining room .
nicely decorated , all rooms come with a flat - screen satellite tv , clothes rack , work desk , seating area and air conditioning .
the sofia university tube station is 800 metres away .
guests benefit from patio .
a complimentary breakfast including baked goods , waffles , french toast , yogurt , and cereals is served each morning at longview baymont inn and suites .
krasnoyarsk train station is 3 . 5 km from the property .
20 military hospital rehabiliation health resort is 600 metres from willa antidotum , while health resort is 1 . 3 km from the property .
the individually furnished rooms at zur burg eltz are equipped with a private bathroom and cable tv .
there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
guests can go horseback riding within 5 km from the guest house .
satellite tv , a minibar and a private bathroom with hairdryer are included in every room at the hotel tiefenthal .
a sauna , free wi - fi and a 24 - hour front desk are featured at atlant hotel .
the pool area is ideal for sunbathing and relaxation .
the air - conditioned apartment includes a rooftop terrace .
free wifi is available .
there is an independently run restaurant located on - site , and this area of the city offers a wide range of other options , including many restaurants serving international cuisine .
playa los esteros beach is a 5 - minute drive from the property , while eloy alfaro airport can be reached in 10 minutes by car .
sanki sliding center is 3 . 1 km from apartment gory , while ski complex rosa khutor is 3 . 8 km away .
rhinelander / oneida county airport is 30 minutes ’ drive away . the lake of the torches casino is can be reached in 40 minutes ’ drive .
the private bathroom include a hairdryer .
all rooms are equipped with a flat - screen tv with cable channels .
it offers accommodation with a flat - screen tv . an italian breakfast includes croissants and jams , as well as yoghurt , cereal and fruit .
guests are free to use the outdoor barbecue in warm weather .
a fridge and kettle are also offered .
rooms include a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
snacks and drinks are available in the eleven lounge .
a supermarket and a restaurant can be found 300 metres from vila mirela .
the kitchenette is equipped with an oven and there is a private bathroom with free toiletries and a hairdryer .
free public parking is available nearby .
the functional rooms have wardrobes and the private bathrooms offer free toiletries .
rooms are all equipped with a private bathroom , a tv and a minibar .
the nearest airport is sultan abdul aziz shah airport , 17 km from the property .
the nearest airport is pardubice airport , 67 km from hospůdka u zvoničky .
featuring free wifi and an on - site restaurant , hotel presidencial offers accommodations in arequipa . the hotel is located only a 5 - minute drive from terminal terrestre bus terminal .
conveniently - located hotel offers easy access to means of public transportation such as bus , tram and metro to enjoy the city .
the nearest airport is vnukovo international airport , 68 km from night in magic villins book .
it is next door to a sports centre .
lucky lake hostel features free wi - fi and bicycle rental .
a washing machine and tumble drier are also available .
there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
the private bathrooms include a bathtub and free toiletries .
guests are provided daily breakfast .
asheville regional airport is 11 minutes ’ drive from carl sandburg home national historic site is 13 minutes ’ drive away from the econo lodge .
it takes 17 minutes to drive to busan station and 35 minutes to haeundae station and haeundae beach .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including snorkelling and canoeing .
all accommodation units have a private bathroom with a shower or a bathtub .
hotel emma ’ s restaurant serves traditional cuisine from the region .
gouvon beach is at 15 km .
rooms are all air conditioned and feature a private bathroom .
gourmet seafood grills can be enjoyed at essence , the specialty restaurant .
featuring free wifi throughout the property , cece ' dependance is situated in lecco , 46 km from milan and a 10 - minute walk from the ferry dock .
the charming cityhotel ratheiser offers a rich breakfast buffet , an exclusive tea parlour , a well - stocked wine cellar and the “ venus sauna island ”.
each comes with a flat - screen tv and a refrigerator .
there is a private bathroom with free toiletries in every unit .
each bungalow features a private bathroom with a shower . they come equipped with heating , a tv and a seating area . there is a small balcony by the entrance where guests can sit , relax and enjoy the fresh breeze .
guests will find restaurants , bars and mini markets within 250 metres from the property , while psarou beach with its famous beach bars is 300 metres away .
local restaurants can be found around the property .
featuring a restaurant , hotel ristorante excelsior is located in corfinio . guests can enjoy views of the surrounding mountains .
there is also an electric kettle .
each room features air conditioning , a tv and safety deposit box .
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge and a children ' s playground .
pousada beija flor is 1 km from feliz natal bus terminal .
bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for fishing .
hotel yadanarbon mandalay is within a 5 - minute drive from mandalay railway station and mandalay royal palace .
this air - conditioned studio apartment provides cable tv , a sofa and a private bathroom with a shower and free toiletries .
a public swimming pool , a golf driving range and cross - country ski slopes in stumm are a 10 - minute walk away .
a private balcony features in most rooms and suites at ac hotel ambassadeur antibes - juan les pins by marriott .
set 600 metres from calis beach in fethiye , this apartment features a balcony . cangül apart with pool boasts views of the mountain and is 5 km from ece saray marina .
free luggage transportation from balestrand ' s ferry terminal is also possible .
a daily breakfast and a 24 - hour front desk are available to all guests .
apartments danica is a self - catering accommodation located in karlobag .
hevoskievari staff can arrange horseback riding lessons and excursions , as well as organise massage treatments , canoe trips and shuttle services .
other facilities include a washing machine and dishwasher .
leone x guest house is just 200 metres from the fortezza da basso conference centre in florence .
an array of cafés , pubs , supermarkets and restaurants serving british specialities and world cuisine is located in the surroundings of the property .
every room includes a wardrobe and private bathroom with complimentary toiletries .
a fitness centre and spa pool is available at the adjacent grand hotel delle terme .
valle de la luna will provide you with cable tv , terraces and full kitchen facilities .
a flat - screen hdtv with satellite channels , a safe and a work desk are also provided .
they all have a balcony with views of the aegean sea or the city . the apartments include a private kitchen .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
additional on - site facilities include a gym , tennis court and business center .
the award - winning 4 , 000 m2 spa area includes various saunas , steam baths , and relaxation areas , as well as 2 private spas .
the golden gates are just 500 metres from the hotel , and sofia cathedral is 400 metres away .
the nearest airport is jose maria cordova international , 1 hour away by car .
this hotel offers simply furnished guest rooms decorated in soft green and blue tones .
additional facilities include a billiards table and table tennis .
cambridge is 3 . 8 km from the property .
the apartments also provide a kitchen or an american - style kitchenette . each one is equipped with an oven , hotplates and a microwave for preparing meals .
historic claybank church is 2 miles away . the property is 17 miles from dothan regional airport and 20 miles from the alabama aviation college .
kalibo international airport is approximately a 2 - hour drive away , while d ’ mall boracay and the famous white beach are within 1 . 6 km away .
guests are given a voucher for an italian breakfast in the café opposite the new inn .
the on - site restaurant offers local specialities and other chinese dishes .
the restaurant vier serves seasonal cuisine and specialities from the brandenburg region .
free wifi is offered .
the self - catering house features a seating area with sofas and tv . there is also a fully equipped kitchen stovetop , refrigerator and kitchenware .
the braşov fortress is 3 . 7 km from the premises .
lighthouse bungalows is 30 minutes ’ drive from thongsala pier .
extras include bed linens .
the air - conditioned house has a living room with a sofa bed and tv .
the hills of chianti are within 35 km of il corbezzolo .
set in a peaceful hilly area in carpugnino , villetta laura has a garden and a furnished balcony offering panoramic mountain views .
ideally situated in front of port yasmine hammamet , residence corail offers quality accommodation just 300 metres from the sea .
the nearest shops and restaurants are 2 km from the property . salzburg is 20 km away .
guests have access to 2 shared outdoor pools .
each room here will provide you with a tv and air conditioning .
set in baška voda , this air - conditioned apartment is 600 metres from baška voda promenade .
the stuttgart airport holiday inn express provides a large breakfast buffet each day .
the summer house restaurant and the summer house beachside bistro are both nearby .
a traditional english afternoon tea and light snacks are served in the garden room .
the building houses the hostel as well as berlin ' s oldest ballroom and the traditional alt - berlin pub .
guests will find a museum at the property with exhibitions on the history of the congregation .
perfect apartments in the heart of the old town offers accommodation in different locations within the vilnius oid town , by the town hall square or close to the cathedral square .
the hotel offers an outdoor swimming pool , sauna and bbq facilities .
the nearest airport is geneva international airport , 74 km from chalet rayon de soleil .
guests can lounge on the terrace , relax in the shared lounge , and play in the games room with billiards and darts .
a bus stop is 300 metres away and the fertőd castle is 14 km away .
some rooms come with dining area and and a kitchenette .
bed linen and towels are provided for free .
apartamentos rurales juvent is situated in the centre of bienservida , where you can find a small selection of shops and cafés .
featuring air conditioning , su apartment offers stylish guestrooms and a perfect location . shilaoren bathing beach and lida shopping centre are located 5 minutes ' stroll away , so is shandong international exhibition centre .
mazuria is located directly on lake czos in mrągowo , a town in the masuria lake district .
extras include a sofa and a fan .
a furnished patio is provided for outdoor dining .
guests will also be 11 miles from world of coca cola .
children can enjoy the swing and the slide outdoor .
the wax museum , dolby theater and metro underground station are 5 minutes ' walk away .
offering free wifi and a barbecue , park hotel spasskoye is located in spass , 13 km from rybinsk .
some rooms come with free sky sports and cinema channels .
the property offers free parking .
featuring a nakai - san personal attendant , delectable course dinners in a traditional kaiseki style , karaoke and soothing indoor and outdoor hot - spring baths , hosenkaku is 10 minutes from jr wakura - onsen train station on the free shuttle .
each bright room at hotel rural el refugio has rustic décor with handcrafted furnishings .
free wifi and free parking are available .
it is a popular destination for hiking and sports fishing .
there is also a dishwasher and washing machine , as well as free wi - fi .
the homestay also offers car hire .
a continental breakfast is included and served each morning in the dining room .
sea links beach villas resort and spa is located in sea links city , a self - contained complex boasting a spa , outdoor pool and golf course by the beach .
extras include a seating area , satellite channels and cable channels .
haus tourneur features bright rooms decorated in fresh pastel tones and chic furnishings .
the basilica of saint john lateran is a 10 - minute walk away .
only 5 minutes ’ walk from the cathedral - mosque of córdoba and the city ’ s roman bridge , this hostel offers a range of activities and a lively atmosphere .
it offers rooms with satellite tv and free wi - fi , and a gym .
guests of the lighthouse inn kuala lumpur can store their luggage at the inn ’ s 24 - hour front desk .
the nearest access to the motorway is 10 km away .
valle aurelia train station is a 5 - minute drive away .
guest rooms at auberge de la chaloire are equipped with free wi - fi access and an en suite bathroom .
ski storage facilities are available on site .
aktion national airport is 35 km away and the popular porto katsiki beach is 47 km away .
at solitaire hotel you will find an airport shuttle , a 24 - hour front desk and a bar .
located in němčičky , apartmán modré z nebe offers an outdoor pool and free wi - fi .
the house features a seating area with sofa and a mezzanine room .
the nearest airport is riga international airport , 10 km from the property .
boat trips to the famous blue cave on biševo island can be arranged .
there is a full a kitchenette with a microwave and a refrigerator , as well as a bathroom with a bath .
certain units feature views of the sea or mountain .
the property is 2 miles away from the rock and roll hall of fame museum and a 14 - minute drive away from the cleveland museum of art .
some units have a terrace and / or balcony .
in the morning , a continental breakfast including hot beverage , bread , pastries , homemade cakes and jams , fresh juice and fruits is served .
vnukovo international airport is 23 km from the property .
you can engage in various activities , such as cycling and hiking .
located in pianello del lario , borgo tre terre offers an outdoor pool .
relais de margaux is located in the gironde wine - growing area on a 135 - acre natural area . it features an 18 - hole golf course , 2 swimming pools , fitness centre and spa .
please note that nearby dining options are limited .
guests can approach the staff for walking tours , ticketing and laundry services that are available at an additional charge . friendly staff are fluent in english , chinese and malay .
free breakfast is served at the lobby on a first come , first served basis .
featuring free wifi , samruk offers accommodation in kokshetau .
every air - conditioned , soundproof room has a tv with satellite channels and a refrigerator .
breakfast is buffet style and the restaurant serves mediterranean specialities at lunch and dinner .
offering an outdoor swimming pool and a multi - cuisine restaurant , avisa nila beach resort , a beachfront property is located on the tarkali beach .
shg grand hotel milano malpensa is 1 km from somma lombardo train station , with links to milan .
the property is 5 . 8 km from lomnicky peak and 10 . 6 km from gerlach peak .
all rooms come with a private bathroom fitted with a shower and free toiletries .
the property offers free parking .
guests can enjoy a meal at the on - site restaurant , which offers à la carte options . room service is provided .
you can enjoy your breakfast or a romantic dinner on the terrace .
the property offers free parking .
the property is a 5 - minute walk from bab boujloud gate .
the beaches along the adriatic coast are a 20 - minute drive away .
fes - boulemane airport is 38 km away .
the hotel is 2 . 4 km from honda center . john wayne airport is 17 km away .
guests at hotel vieira ́ s can dine at the restaurant , which offers a selection of regional dishes , or relax with a tropical cocktail at the lobby bar .
the en suite bathroom comes with shower facilities .
san mark ' s cathedral is a 5 - minute walk away .
each has a private balcony or terrace and some have a private entrance .
edenwild inn is 6 . 5 km from lopez island ferry terminal , and 6 km from lopez island airport .
towels and linen are provided .
hotel vizit has a 24 - hour reception , and offers a safety deposit box .
the property offers free parking .
the complex is wheelchair / pushchair friendly .
on the edge of loch lomond and a 30 - minute drive from glasgow and its airport , this 4 - star guest house has hearty scottish breakfasts and free wi - fi .
the renowned greek painter ioannis papaioannou ’ s frescoes in the reception and the suites have captured the art culture of the island from the archaic period to the painter theofilos and the modern era .
set in tel aviv ’ s port area , yam hotel is a modern boutique hotel with free wifi , just 200 metres from the beach promenade and 5 minutes ’ walk from the closest beach .
rio de janeiro ' s galeão international airport is located 18 km away .
guests of zimmervermietung are welcome to use the lounges , bar , kitchen , courtyard and the car park .
the studios at atenea park feature tiled floors and smart , minimalist décor .
a bar restaurant , featuring its own private beach area , is just 300 metres away .
each room here will provide you with air conditioning and a seating area .
other facilities at villa adelina include a year - round outdoor pool . the property also has a double room separated from the main house , with access from the terrace .
bed linen and towels are provided .
at hotel winner inn you will find a 24 - hour front desk . other facilities offered at the property include a ticket service , a tour desk and dry cleaning . the property offers free parking .
breakfast , gardens and a 24 - hour reception are available .
located within 15 minutes ’ walk from mar bella beaches in barcelona , in poblenou district , apartment lope de vega offers free wifi .
free private parking and free wi - fi are provided on site .
located in recife , gavoa flat offers an outdoor pool and a restaurant .
other facilities at calella mar include a terrace .
free private parking is provided in the premises .
the hotel is 2 km from montpellier train station and 9 km from montpellier - mediterranee airport .
you will find a kettle and air conditioning in the room .
towels and bed linen are provided in this self - catering accommodation .
rooms offer complimentary wifi .
hotel merano is located in the centre of milan , a 15 - minute walk from milano centrale train station . it is next to the tram stop with links to the city centre .
free private parking is possible on site .
a tv with satellite channels , as well as an ipad are offered .
for your comfort , you will find free toiletries and a hair dryer .
the on - site restaurant serves traditional hangzhou dishes for guests to enjoy .
a wide range of fines wines is also available . all guests booking a room in the agerhof building will enjoy their dinner in the gasthof agerhof ' s restaurant ( annex ) in summer and in the main restaurant in winter .
offering mountain views , each wooden - floor house has a living room with a fireplace , sofa and tv .
the hotel provides a gym and business center . guests at omaha airport la quinta inn & suites can use the on - site laundry facilities as well .
grenoble - isère airport is located 73 km away .
the galmondo is located in galaţi ’ s commercial centre and offers its own restaurant with a summer terrace .
the restaurant offers homemade regional dishes .
the local supermarket and bar are a 2 - minute walk away from casa rural manubles .
the well - lit , spacious rooms with wood floors feature a balcony , flat - screen tv , air conditioning , seating area , wardrobe , minibar and private bathroom .
free wifi is offered and free private parking is available on site .
the rio de janeiro botanical garden is 2 km from apartamento leblon flat service , and copacabana beach is 4 . 5 km away .
rooms include a private bathroom with free toiletries .
other facilities offered include a luggage storage and a laundry . the property offers free parking .
shops are within 3 km from the apartment and 9 km away there is a shopping centre .
toluca international airport is 5 km from the hotel and free parking is available .
milano cadorna train station is a 15 - minute walk from casa express 3 , while the brera art gallery is 1 . 5 km from the property .
the accommodation is equipped with a satellite flat - screen tv . there is also a dining area and a kitchen fitted with an oven . a stovetop , a refrigerator and kettle are also featured .
all of the contemporary rooms feature satellite tv .
meijel and herthuysen are both located within a 10 - minute drive .
guests can reach the famous copacabana beach within 250 metres .
guests also have access to laundry facilities on site .
las americas international airport near santo domingo is a 30 - minute drive away .
decorated in neutral colours , solid wooden furniture and classic - style interiors feature throughout .
the bed and breakfast is a 6 - minute walk from the spa scarborough , and peasholm park and scarborough castle are both a 7 - minute drive away . bay house is only a 5 - minute drive from scarborough railway station .
the accommodation is fitted with a seating area .
located next to the shore of lake balaton , diavolo vip park és kemping offers a snack bar and free barbecue facilities .
the well - equipped kitchen has a dishwasher .
all units feature a tv . there is also a dining area and a kitchen fitted with an oven and toaster .
free wi - fi and free on - site parking are provided .
guests can dine or have a light lunch in the elegant and comfortable bar and drawing room and enjoy luxurious rooms with ipod docks .
other facilities at guesthouse hamina include a sauna .
the hotel was built in the 1990 ’ s on this historic site where a 16th century inn once stood .
the property is 500 metres from river negro .
im aeschi park ( rubenov ) features 2 bedrooms , a kitchen , a living room with cable tv and a dvd player , and a bathroom . a ski storage room is available .
motorcycles can also be rented .
free wi - fi access is available in all areas .
you will find a shared kitchen , a shared lounge , gift shop and shops at the property .
a private bathroom is fitted with a shower and includes free towels .
a refrigerator and stovetop are also offered , as well as a coffee machine and a kettle .
nino ' s apartment offers accommodation in tbilisi city . the apartment is 1 . 1 km from tbilisi opera and ballet theatre .
the rooms feature a flat - screen tv with satellite channels and a private bathroom .
local restaurants can be found within walking distance from the guesthouse .
sultan abdul aziz shah airport is 12 km from the property .
featuring an outdoor swimming pool and a garden , le bandite country & relax offers rooms in a quiet area a 5 - minute drive from avigliano umbro .
the homestay also features a dining area .
every unit is equipped with a private bathroom with free toiletries .
west hollywood actors apartment offers a private entrance .
the accommodation will provide you with a tv , a balcony and cable channels .
sant carles de la ràpita is 30 km from refugi caro uec , while l ' ametlla de mar is 40 km from the property .
set in the centre of maiori , a 10 - minute drive from amalfi , hotel pensione vittoria offers air - conditioned rooms with free wi - fi and balcony .
a 4 - course breakfast is available and is served daily from 8 : 00 am to 9 : 30 am .
featuring a balcony , all rooms come with a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
kerem apart hotel offers an outdoor pool .
warsaw chopin airport is located 10 . 6 km away .
you will find a coffee machine in the room .
the property offers free parking .
le kandahar appartement 204 is located in the heart of les deux alpes ski resort , which features 225 km of ski pistes .
there is a kitchenette and dining area with a fridge , microwave and hob .
with a balcony , the air - conditioned apartment comes with a seating area with a sofa and flat - screen tv with cable channels .
the hotel restaurant serves a mix of local bulgarian cuisine and international dishes .
the bathrooms come with a shower .
a range of restaurants , serving both indonesian and western food , is about a 30 - minute drive from villa bali bliss ( north bali ).
brasserie opera serves swedish classics such as beef steak and homemade meatballs with lingonberries .
bilqase throne offers a choice of spacious rooms and suites .
well located in the touristic village of vernet - les - bains , in the heart of the pyrenees orientales , and at the foot of canigou massif , the residence les balcons du canigou is an ideal place of vacation .
the don mario resort offers a free shuttle to pantelleria airport located 8 km away .
guests are served an irish breakfast daily .
at hostel zamość you will find a garden , a terrace and a shared kitchen .
llandrindod wells is 17 km from woodside , while hay - on - wye is 37 km away .
there is also a hiking track just 500 metres from the property , which has 10 km hiking trails to désert des agriates .
each room here will provide you with air conditioning . there is also an electric kettle .
it features free wi - fi , a restaurant , and a roof garden with views of rome ’ s rooftops .
you will find a shared kitchen at the property .
shuttle services are available for a surcharge .
up to 2 children ( 16 years and under ) stay free when sharing with parents .
a business center with fax and copy services is on site .
both a restaurant and a grocery shop can be found within 2 km of the property .
they can also play billiards and sing in the karaoke hall .
drinks and light meals are available in the cosy lobby bar .
free bicycles are available .
rooms are also equipped with a private bathroom with a shower .
all rooms include a flat - screen tv , cd player and a private bathroom .
rooms are decorated in a traditional style and have a minibar , satellite tv and air conditioning .
local huai yang cuisine and chinese dishes are served at the hotel ' s 4 restaurants .
the hotel ’ s restaurant serves traditional catalan and pyrenean food , specializing in grilled and cured local meats , as well as stews .
enjoy a cup of tea while looking out at the garden or city .
ecotel benoni is situated in benoni , just a 15 - minute drive from or tambo international airport .
rooms here will provide you with a flat - screen tv , air conditioning and satellite channels .
towels and bed linen are offered .
all have a work desk and a private bathroom with a shower .
conveniently located in the popular schöneberg district of berlin , berlincitystay - rent a room offers modern loft accommodation with a lift and free wifi .
the hotel offers 24 - hour front desk service and free public parking on site .
the kkl culture and convention centre lucerne is a 7 - minute drive away from the property , while chapel bridge is an 8 - minute drive away .
located throughout manhattan , guests staying at the alfie - corporate apartment can enjoy accommodations in neighborhoods like chelsea and midtown west .
the nearest airport is cam ranh international airport , 26 km from henry guest house .
free wifi and free private parking are available on site .
in - room facilities include air conditioning , a tv and a safety deposit box .
free private parking is available on site .
a tv with satellite channels also features in the rooms .
there ’ s also a lobby bar serving alcoholic drinks .
sophie ' s hostel offers an airport pick up and drop off service for surcharge upon prior arrangement .
at hostal casa latina you will find a 24 - hour front desk and terrace .
they come with a kitchenette equipped with mini fridge , electric kettle and coffee maker , a tv and a private bathroom .
a flat - screen cable tv , alarm clock , and coffee machine are standard as well .
featuring a bath or shower , private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
free public parking is available .
restaurants of the hotel serves dishes from turkish and international cuisines and you can enjoy your lunch or dinner with lake view in yesilada restaurant .
a tv is available .
for in - room dining , the hotel also offers room service .
guests can cook in the kitchen equipped with fridge , stove , microwave and electric kettle , and continental breakfasts are served upon request .
free truck and bus parking is available on site at this huntsville space center days inn .
rooms are air conditioned and feature free internet access and a tv with satellite channels . each room has a balcony , with views of the swimming pool or the adriatic sea .
all rooms have a luxury bathroom with designer toiletries , a seating area and scenic views .
each villa at the kalyana villas includes a seating area with sofa and flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
it takes three and a half hours ’ drive to kuantan airport from the guesthouse .
additional amenities include 2 sofa beds and a flat - screen tv .
bed linen and towels are provided .
free wifi access is available .
a shared bathroom is available .
special diet menus are available upon request .
the classically styled rooms include cable tv , coffee facilities and a hairdryer .
royal golf club des fagnes is 15 minutes away by car .
ideally located in the centre of st peter port , in guernsey , best western moores hotel offers en suite accommodation , a restaurant , a bar and a fitness centre with sauna .
set a 5 - minute walk from verona arena , la corticella apartment offers accommodation with free wifi , a few steps from piazza delle erbe square .
grand manor motor inn offers accommodation with a tv and refrigerator just 8 km from canberra airport .
meals can also be requested at the homestead at a surcharge .
there is a completely fitted kitchenette with a microwave and a refrigerator .
coconut corridor , the famous tourist attraction along the beach , is a 10 - minute drive away .
offering a terrace and views of the garden , het takketiele huis is located in lochristi .
featuring a shared terrace , casa perella offers rooms a 4 - minute drive from the centre of corciano .
free wifi is offered and free private parking is available on site .
during winter season there is a regular bus from the centre and the train station to grand paradis .
the rooms at penzion myslivna await guests with satellite tv , a seating area and a fridge .
the 24 - hour front desk can secure airport shuttles .
there is a restaurant and bar and guests can have fun at the games room .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with towels .
at brusnika hotel nagornaya you will find a 24 - hour front desk and a shared kitchen .
the 5 - star hotel is a 3 . 5 - hour drive from the airport .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a bidet .
orlando international airport is 20 miles away .
khimki is 37 km from apartment in zheleznodorozhnyy , while podolsk is 45 km away .
there is a small reading corner with german and english books .
set in xi ' an , xiao jiao ' s home offers self - catering accommodation with free wifi . the apartment is 50 metres from xi ' an city wall .
it offers self - catering apartments with free wifi and bbq facilities .
there is a common 24h kitchenette where guests can prepare their own breakfast and light meals .
the bathroom includes a hairdryer and free toiletries .
a summer outdoor pool and bike hire are provided for free .
you will find a range of shops and restaurants within a 3 - minute walk of pirineo suites baqueira aiguestortes .
a flat - screen tv with cable channels is offered .
fitted with tiled flooring and patterned wallpaper , air - conditioned rooms include a wardrobe , seating area , minibar and a flat - screen tv with cable channels .
phuwanalee resort is 5 km from palio khao yai and 10 km from khao yai national park .
an airport shuttle can be requested at a surcharge .
regional food can be enjoyed at the restaurant .
air - conditioned rooms at nh hesperia barcelona del mar come with flat - screen tv , safe , and a minibar .
the rooms offer a flat - screen tv .
opening to a furnished balcony , all air - conditioned studios and 1 - bedroom apartments of faros come with a tv . each has a kitchenette with cooking hobs and mini fridge .
each accommodation is air - conditioned and features a wardrobe and a bathroom with a shower .
the air - conditioned rooms have tatami ( woven - straw ) floors and futon beds .
each includes a private bathroom with hairdryer and toiletry set .
for convenience , it provides 24 - hour reception , free parking and free wired internet .
the rooms of the lefkara hotel & restaurant are equipped with free wi - fi and tvs .
it provides massage services and modern rooms with free bottled water daily .
army historic museum and fort of copacabana is 600 metres from studio posto 6 , while post 7 - arpoador is 800 metres away .
gdansk lech walesa airport is 11 km from the property .
apartments wolkentor is a 3 - minute walk from halle / trotha station , which provides a direct link to the central station within 15 minutes .
the kitchen is equipped with an oven , a microwave and a fridge , as well as a kettle .
the brolga theatre is situated only 400 metres from mcnevins maryborough motel .
saarbrücken town centre and the saarbrücken zoo and botanical gardens are a 5 - minute drive away .
northern oklahoma college is 10 miles from this hotel .
this farm stay produces its own honey and olive oil .
the distance to sky complex is 10 km from the property .
vending machines featuring snacks and drinks are located on - site .
modern and comfortable , chalet kutelo is located 0 . 5 km from the cable car and a 5 - minute walk from the centre of bansko .
the fully equipped kitchen include a dishwasher and a washing machine .
paveletskiy train station is a 30 - minute ride away by metro , offering links to domodedovo international airport .
you will find a shared lounge and shops at the property .
casa do moinho is a 2 - floor house in santa cruz , just 2 km from the nearest beach area .
located between terme luigiane and the sandy beaches of marina , hotel parco delle rose is set in acquappesa .
each room includes en suite facilities with either shower or bathtub .
the hotel is a 15 - minute walk from universal studios singapore .
apartament toruńska is a self - catering accommodation near the gdańsk old town . it offers free wifi access and free private parking . the property is about 1 km from the city ’ s long market .
all the rooms come equipped with a bathroom , air conditioning , tv and a fridge ,
the private bathrooms include a shower , free toiletries and bathrobes .
luxury apartment las terrazas offers accommodation in el médano , 16 km from playa de las americas and 42 km from puerto de la cruz .
the domestic kitchen is open all day for guests and is fully stocked with milk , juice , eggs , bread , bacon and cheese , allowing guests to cook their own meals any time of the day .
guests can sunbathe on coronado beach ’ s terrace which features panoramic views of the atlantic ocean .
furnished with contemporary decor , each comfortable room at blu hotel chennai comes with a seating area , a minibar and a safety deposit box .
the sunrise hotel features bright rooms decorated in a classic style .
the kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher , oven , and gas hobs .
this beautiful resort offers 2 outdoor pools , a spa and free wi - fi .
guests can also watch pay - per - view movies in each room .
all rooms are equipped with electric blankets and satellite tv . the en suite bathroom comes with a hairdryer .
guests can enjoy a drink at the on - site bar .
local restaurants can be reached within a 10 - minute walk from the hotel .
for guests ́ convenience , the front desk is open 24 hours a day .
ormos athinios port is 8 km away , while santorini national airport is at a distance of 6 km .
the restaurant serves regional specialities and international cuisine , and snacks are available at the bar .
a tour desk and library are also available .
scenic views and international food can be enjoyed at the hotel ’ s roof - top restaurant .
this family - run inn is quietly located in the centre of hildburghausen , 150 metres from the market square .
at landhaus maria , a garden is at the guests ’ disposal .
the beautiful mirabello beaches are nearby , including the famous golden beach .
sanya dadong sea weilan art traveler ' s home offers stylish beachfront accommodation and a bar .
guided hikes are available .
a shared kitchen and living room with a library are also available here .
featuring with free wi - fi , the property includes a living room with a flat - screen tv and a football table .
kolpino train station is 2 . 4 km away and pulkovo airport is 27 . 3 km from bereg hotel .
some accommodation offers a spa bath or hot tub .
tribhuvan international airport is a 15 - minute drive away .
other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage . the property offers free parking .
yamasato restaurant offers a western / japanese buffet for breakfast and modern japanese cuisine for dinner .
there is a bondfire pit - wood is provided .
local bus stops 500 metres from the apartments , while the nearest airport is zagreb international airport , in pleso , 140 km away .
half board includes a small lunch buffet , coffee , tea and cakes in the afternoon , and a 5 - course menu for dinner .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
it is 4 km from yeak laom lake .
visitors arriving to the property will find it within walking distance to dubai metro , centrally accessible to the city ' s premier lifestyle destinations , such as ski dubai , jumeirah beach residence , jebel ali free zone , which makes it an ideal choice for both leisure and business travelers .
situated in coral bay , villa monica is a villa boasting an outdoor pool . the villa is fitted with air conditioning and free wifi . free private parking is available on site .
the private bathrooms have a shower .
located in tbilisi , fresh apartment features self - catering apartments with free wi - fi access .
with a private beachfront , tree - top spa and free wifi in rooms , it offers a 750 m2 outdoor pool , one of the largest in maldives . staff is able to converse in english , russian , arabic , japanese , thai and mandarin chinese .
only a 5 - minute walk from the sole - felsen - bad spa centre and from gmünd bus and train station , fairsleep avia motel gmünd offers free wifi , free private parking , and a restaurant .
offering an outdoor pool and an indoor pool , green park punta 2 offers self - catering accommodation 500 metres from solanas beach area , 5 km from downtown punta del este .
motel nochleg offers pet - friendly accommodation in krasnoperekopsk , on the armyansk - simferopol motorway .
the property is 200 metres from playa de la concha and 900 metres from victoria eugenia theatre .
rental bicycles are available for exploring the river and surrounding countryside .
covered parking is possible on site and guests can prepare meals on the barbecue .
this refurbished queenslander cottage has a fully equipped kitchen , a large dining setting and laundry facilities .
las palmas de gran canaria is 44 km from finca el moral , while puerto rico is 7 km from the property .
located near the trans - canada highway , this property is within 1 hours ’ drive of montreal . club de golf val - morin ( val - morin golf club ) is about 10 minutes ’ drive away .
free wi - fi is available .
fax and photocopying services are available in the business centre .
there is one bathroom with shower .
broken spur steakhouse serves a daily breakfast to guests until 10 : 00 .
plant city city centre is 2 . 8 km from holiday inn express and suites plant city .
the radau bus stop is 200 metres away , and it is 1 km to a golf course and the nearest restaurant .
all guest rooms feature a microwave and small refrigerator .
guests can also make use of the barbecue facilities .
on request , fresh bread rolls can be delivered every morning .
the in - house restaurant , vels serves a selection of indian and chinese specialities .
fluently - conversed in english and filipino , friendly staff at rb lodge kalibo can assist guests with fax / photocopying , massage service and airport transfer arrangements .
it offers a seasonal outdoor pool , a large garden and free wi - fi internet in all public areas , as well as the majority of hotel rooms .
tver central train station is 4 km from apartments on afanasiya nikitina .
hotel san martin is located 50 metres from san cristobal de las casas main square , the cathedral and the plaza de la paz square .
guests can enjoy free wifi access .
all rooms have a rustic décor which include air conditioning , minibar and a safety deposit box .
a fully equipped kitchen with a fridge and microwave is included .
other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities and a shared lounge .
apartment lazurnyj kvartal is an apartment situated in astana , 1 . 2 km from bayterek monument . the property boasts views of the city and is 500 metres from transport tower .
located 300 metres above the caribbean sea , this luxury hotel features an on - site restaurant , an outdoor pool , and free wi - fi .
the unit is fitted with a kitchen .
agioi apostoloi beach is 1 . 8 km away .
it offers access to all facilities of villaleona beach club , including swimming pools , a spa , and 5 restaurants .
the studio features satellite tv , a sofa and a kitchen .
just 100 metres from sozopol ’ s popular harmanite beach , hotel logatero offers tastefully designed rooms with free wi - fi and cable tv .
h4u casavacanze repubblica is 60 metres from corso buenos aires shopping street . milan centrale train station is a 10 - minute walk away .
it has a 24 - hour reception .
a limited number of parking spaces are available at a charge .
providing free internet and parking , stylish f hotel provides individually designed rooms with flat - screen tvs and free minibar refreshments .
facilities include an outdoor pool .
la ermita apartments are 100 metres from ronda ’ s famous puente nuevo bridge over the gorge .
garda is 3 km away .
the calvin coolidge memorial foundation is 1 mile away .
additional you can access to the wildlife preserve for rescued animals .
huazhong university of science and technology is 5 km away from the property .
free private parking is available on site .
extras include a desk and bed linen .
free kayaks and bikes are available .
mariehamn airport is located 21 km away .
the reception desk is available 24 - hours a day .
built according to the traditional local architecture , filios xenonas alexandros is located in anilio village of pelion mountain .
leopold sedar senghor international airport is 65 km away .
private bathrooms with a shower and a hairdryer are provided .
popular dishes from the rhineland area and a varied selection of international cuisine can be enjoyed in the höttche ’ s rustic restaurant .
apartment liudmila boasts views of the garden and is 300 metres from the nearest beach .
bavarian and german specialities are served in the gasthaus pension salzberg ' s restaurant .
you will find a garden here . free wifi access is also available .
inapartments vanilla residence is located in 350 metres from the beach in gdynia and offers self - catering accommodation . free wifi access is available . the property is 550 metres from the music theatre
beaudry metro station is 350 metres away .
apartment ocean front cancun also includes a spa centre and offers massage treatments .
this chalet has 5 bedrooms , a kitchen , a corner sleeping area and 3 bathrooms . 2 out of the 4 toilets are separate .
prat de cabanes - torreblanca nature reserve is 10 minutes ’ drive from the danesp la ribera torrelasal apartments .
it features on - site dining , gym facilities and modern accommodation .
the newark airport fairfield inn offers an on - site fitness centre with cardio equipment and free weights .
the nearest airport is simferopol airport , 61 km from apartment on ochakovtsev 35 .
towels and bed linen are available in this apartment .
guests can cook at home , with a supermarket located only 1 km away , and there are many restaurants and bars within a distance of 2 km of the house .
hotel ambassador is located just 6 km from the famous regional park and the sacred bada ganpati temple , 32 km from the dewas tekri and 55 km from the popular mahakaleshwar jyotirlinga , ujjain .
the tour desk can help organise hiking trips and offers bicycle rentals .
towels and bed linen are offered at apartamento rio de janeiro .
there is a dining area and a kitchen equipped with oven .
guests are offered accommodation with a flat - screen tv .
nemo , a science museum for children , is a 2 - minute walk from hotelboat fiep .
each monika room features a balcony with mountain views and a bathroom with bath or shower .
situated in thermo town , hotel thermios apollon features a lounge with fireplace and a traditional restaurant .
pancard clubs ltd , pune , is within 15 km from shivajinagar railway station and shivajinagar commercial district .
free private parking is available on site .
during summer , you can hire canoes and rowing boats , as well as trying jet skiing and body boarding .
featuring barbecue facilities , apartamentos rurales en plean sierra is located in la calera , on the alia mountain range .
apartments monaco is located 750 metres from the monaco monte - carlo train station and a 35 - minute drive from nice cote d ’ azur airport .
the town of nydri is at 1 km and offers many taverns , bars and restaurants .
offering an outdoor pool and views of the pool , the hideaway canggu is situated in canggu . the bed and breakfast has a year - round outdoor pool and views of the garden , and guests can enjoy a drink at the bar . free private parking is available on site .
villa padma pandawa features free wifi throughout the property .
it is a 10 - minute drive from jiuzhou port and a 30 - minute drive from hengqin port or chimelong ocean international tourist resort .
smoking is permitted on the terrace , one on each floor .
at phanes b & b - b building you will find a garden .
every room at this hotel is air conditioned and has a flat - screen tv .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with free toiletries .
it offers elegant apartments with free wi - fi , as well as a sauna and a fitness centre .
oktyabarskaya metro station is a 5 - minute walk away .
apartment lana is air - conditioned and includes a tv , fully equipped kitchen and a private bathroom .
the elegant guest rooms are air - conditioned and heated , offering also a minibar and a work desk .
all rooms are heated and have tiled floors , a tv and wardrobe .
armenian genocide museum is 1 . 8 km from apartments on mashtots avenue , while blue mosque is 500 metres away .
the luxurious 5 - star royal square hotel & suites is located in the heart of riga ’ s old town , a 5 - minute walk from the national opera .
every room has a flat - screen tv .
guests can start their day with a breakfast including homemade jams and fresh fruits , while mediterranean flavours prepared with organic ingredients are also served at the a la carte restaurant .
a continental breakfast is available on site .
only 600 metres from musée des beaux arts , the apartment is 2 km from tête d ’ or parc .
the private bathrooms have a shower .
they come with a tv , sofa and air conditioning . their kitchenettes are equipped with an oven , microwave and washing machine .
the nearest airport is heydar aliyev international airport , 23 km from zaur apartment .
rooms at the remont oxford hotel all have an en suite bathroom with a shower , double glazing , satellite tv and a work desk .
additional services on site include a hairdresser and a fitness coach .
you can play mini - golf at the property , and the area is popular for horse riding .
each apartment has a terrace with views of the shared outdoor pool , and barbecue facilities are available .
guests can enjoy the peaceful beach area , or have a relaxing massage .
offering a garden and a terrace , hotel la tartaruga bianca offers peaceful and quiet accommodation located in valledoria , within 400 metres from the beach .
there is also a café .
the aurora cruiser and the neva river embankment are just a 3 - minute walk from the hotel .
sishane metro station is right next to the hotel .
it is 15 km from bautzen and 20 km from saxon switzerland , the bastei rock formations along the river elbe .
located off interstate 15 , this pet - friendly hotel is within walking distance of the marias museum of history and art .
chennai airport is 40 km away .
in the morning , you can enjoy a turkish breakfast in buffet style .
it includes bar with fire place and biljard , terrace and a restaurant .
royal heaven villas offer ultra all - inclusive service .
each room here will provide you with a tv , ceiling fan and a balcony .
the rooms have a simple style , with tiled floors . each will provide you with a private bathroom and cable tv .
each apartment comes functionally furnished .
other area activities include fishing in the kemijoki river and golfing .
several hiking trails start directly on the premises .
oostende and the beach are 40 minutes ’ drive from the hotel .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a bath or shower .
heraklion town and port lie within 20 km from villa andreas , while nikos kazantzakis international airport is at 15 km .
the nearest airport is chania international airport , 40 km from myrtia studio .
air conditioning is available in the entire property .
the nearest airport is varna airport , 31 km from villa nicolas balchick .
free parking is available and skegness rail station is just 5 minutes away on foot .
located in the man - mad island , palm jumeraih , mystaygroup - al dabas offers free wifi in all areas .
offering lovely views from its balcony , each unit is fitted with marble flooring and comes with a work desk and a seating area with a sofa .
a large variety of wines is also available .
featuring a terrace with panoramic views and a garden , colonica fontisterni is a house set in donnini .
rooms at eurofriends hostel include simple décor and a desk . a shower is provided in the shared bathrooms .
guests can approach the tour desk to make arrangements for canyoning tour , daily city tour and cycling tours .
the inter island ferry is located 5 minutes ’ walk away , and the la digue boatyard is 3 km from the apartments .
just 2 blocks from macroplaza square in monterrey ’ s historic centre , hotel royalty offers an outdoor pool , free parking and a business centre .
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge and a games room .
located in na jomtien , this air - conditioned villa features a terrace and a garden .
each room here includes a cable tv and a private bathroom with free toiletries .
the aesch - herrenweg tram stop is 200 metres away and provides direct connections to basel .
holiday home bjørnøvænget faaborg denm is located in faldsled .
all rooms come with a shower and a toilet , and yukata robes are provided .
the standard double room at schittlerhaus also contains a modern , designer bed .
a minimarket can be found directly opposite the property .
there is also a kitchenette with a microwave and an electric kettle .
typical czech specialities and international cuisine is served in the restaurant of hotel bobík .
the cosy restaurant features an open fire with exposed stone features and serves open buffets and regional gourmet cuisine .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out são benedito church ( 4 , 8 km ) and saltinho biological reserve ( 8 , 7 km ).
the kitchens come with an oven and a refrigerator and the private bathrooms feature a hairdryer and free toiletries .
in the mornings , selwood lodge serves full english breakfast in the dining room .
guests can make travel arrangements at the tour desk .
you will find a shared kitchen at the property .
for guests with cars , public parking facilities are available just 150 metres from hôtel de flore .
the hotel ' s panoramic spots include the gardens , the restaurant , and the terrace , great for sunbathing .
each apartment features a balcony , separate living room and ding area .
the nearest airport is pakse international airport , 46 km from tadlo lodge .
wi - fi is available free of charge .
locanda delle vallette is 1 km from ostellato ’ s centre . bologna is 70 km away .
each room features a unique decoration at hotel sesli . they are all equipped with antique furniture and modern amenities including air conditioning and free wi - fi .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out frances beach ( 1 . 7 km ).
your hosts are happy to arrange various activities for you , including professional massages or horse riding .
it offers air - conditioned rooms with free wi - fi , a flat - screen tv and minibar .
bungalows offer garden views and are equipped with a mosquito net and seating area .
some bathrooms have a private bathroom with towels .
the nearest pebbly beach is some 4 km away .
in summer time , guests can ride a sightseeing train in janské lázně that is 1 km away .
free wifi is available throughout the property .
on - site parking is for free at zangerl haus .
a common lounge area featuring sofas and cable tv is also provided .
this traditional , stone property features a garden and free wifi throughout .
the hotel ’ s concierge service can assist guests with car rentals and travel arrangements .
there is a garden , where guests can relax .
free wifi access is available here . santa lucia hill is a 10 - minute car ride away .
the old town is approximately a 10 - minute walk away and the bus station is 1 . 2 km from the panorama alaj .
the black sea is within a 12 - minute walk .
free parking is possible on site .
chinatown is 13 minutes ’ walk away .
it offers comfortable accommodation with free wi - fi and a private balcony .
featuring a pool and sauna , this traditional hotel is situated in the bavarian village of reit im winkl .
the velilla has a café , where breakfast is served .
the bathing lake faakersee is located 5 km away .
it is 3 km to iulius mall , 5 km to timisoara train station , and 9 km to traian vuia airport .
the pretty coastal village of robin hood ’ s bay is 6 miles from the town and has many pubs , restaurants and tea rooms .
accommodation will provide you with a fully equipped kitchen with a microwave and a dishwasher .
free parking is available on site and tampico airport is a 10 - minute drive away .
the hotel offers luggage storage and laundry / dry - cleaning facilities .
free private parking is possible on site .
budva is 18 km away .
paraty ’ s bus station is 1 km away .
guests can enjoy a complimentary hot breakfast , which features items such as eggs , sausage , waffles and pastries .
foggia is 25 minutes ’ drive away .
a restaurant is available on site .
you can park your car for free on site .
the rooms have a tv .
piples bungalow is conveniently situated within 1 km from unawatuna railway station . the iconic galle fort is 5 km away , while colombo city is approximately 125 km away .
a 24 - hour reception is featured for guest convenience at hale hahele by hawaii volcano vacations .
situated in westlands , dusitd2 nairobi combines modern and contemporary design .
holiday home enebærvej ii is located in nørager , 300 m from the sea .
each bungalow has a private bathroom with a toilet and a shower .
each room provides a flat - screen cable tv and an en suite bathroom at guesthouse anchorage inn .
a grocery shop and a restaurant are in the immediate vicinity .
the stylish restaurant overlooks the lagoon and offers cuisine theme nights and a tahitian oven .
all units have a tv . there is also a kitchen , fitted with a dishwasher , oven and microwave . a toaster and fridge are also featured , as well as a coffee machine .
on - site at the holiday inn arlington at ballston , guests can enjoy relaxing in the outdoor pool , working out in the fitness centre or browsing for souvenirs in the gift shop .
the nearest airport is melbourne airport , 24 km from the property .
the property offers bicycle rentals and free parking .
in the morning , a varied buffet breakfast is served .
a carport is available free of charge .
the property is 12 miles from the dan - yr - ogof caves and 10 miles from the wales ape and monkey sanctuary .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
guests can enjoy a fitness centre at park city lespri unit 204 .
extra facilities include washing machine and tumble dryer .
featuring a bath , shared bathroom also comes with free toiletries and slippers .
the hotel is a short walk from the megalithic site of locmariaquer and 1 kilometre from the beaches .
al massira airport is located 11 km away .
free private parking is available on site at pension arkade .
the property is 10 km from porto seguro centre and its bus station .
operating a 24 - hour front desk , raksmey vimean sour hotel is conveniently situated within 2 km from phnom penh international airport .
guests can relax and sunbathe in the on - site garden and get tan on a sun bed .
all rooms include heating and the shared bathroom comes with either a bath or shower and free toiletries .
each has an en suite bathroom and some rooms have a view of the swimming pool and garden .
guests can make use of the business centre or rent a car to explore the surroundings by themselves .
it offers modern design accommodation and extensive wellness including an indoor pool and sauna facilities .
there is a full kitchen with a refrigerator and kitchenware .
xi ' an yihe palace hotel is a 10 - minute walk from shaan ' xi stadium , a 10 - minute drive from xi ' an bell tower , small wild goose pagoda and big wild goose pagoda .
a bus stop located 30 metres from the property offers links to sassari , 26 km away , and alghero , 60 km away .
free fax and copy services are offered to all guests of the kalispell super 8 .
a variety of fresh fruits , breads and cold meats are offered , as well as tea , coffee and cold drinks .
located in chiang mai , strips the poshtel offers neat and clean accommodation with free wifi throughout . private parking is provided for those who drive and is free of charge .
offering a solar - heated swimming pool , a games room and a basketball court , wimmera lakes caravan resort is just 5 minutes ’ drive from wimmera river .
experience personal and friendly service at the impérial , a 2 - star hotel located in the centre of laval , 200 metres from the train station .
towels and bed linen are available in this apartment .
the unesco - listed rune stone site at jelling is 8 km from the institut . givskud zoo is less than a 10 - minute drive away .
free private parking is available on site .
guests can enjoy beautiful views of the ocean from the apartment ’ s balcony .
it is close to several sites including the church of the holy family ( 10 - minute drive ), the amber museum ( 6 minutes by public transport ) and sackheim gate ( 5 - minute walk ).
rooms at hotel ostrow are attractively furnished and feature a private bathroom with shower .
other facilities at keysplease - luxury 2 bedroom dubai include a fitness centre .
free wi - fi access is included .
inn at depot hill capitola is 15 minutes ’ drive from santa cruz beach boardwalk .
full cooked breakfasts are served each morning in the hotel ’ s restaurant , and children ’ s menus are available in the evening for dinner .
the property is located 1 km from matriz church and 500 metres from the bus terminal .
each of the self - catering units comes with a fully - equipped kitchenette , bedroom , garden and a furnished terrace .
skiers will find a variety of cross - country ski trails in the surrounding area , and ski storage is also available .
port denarau is 10 minutes ’ drive away .
this b & b is on the shore of lake mälaren , 10 km from strängnäs and about 1 hour ' s drive from stockholm city centre .
this property is about 50 km from podgorica airport .
public parking facilities are provided in front of the hotel .
bicycle and hiking tours are organised by the owner .
set in a historical greek stone house , florina is located on the cunda island .
the hotel is just 1 km from the centre of jacó , while the carara national park and its tropical birds is 10 km away .
it features an outdoor pool and free wi - fi .
featuring built - in beds and traditional décor , all air - conditioned rooms open to a balcony overlooking the garden or fira town .
a private patio with a view of the pool or gulf is featured in every spacious room at west wind inn .
it offers rooms with free wi - fi access and flat - screen tvs .
inside hotel royal you will find a restaurant and bar as well as comfortable and well - equipped rooms .
the rooms come with air conditioning and a desk .
the kitchenette is equipped with a microwave , an electric kettle and a refrigerator .
apartment aviakonstruktorov 2 is a self - catering accommodation located in saint petersburg , within a 10 - minute walk of komendantsky prospekt metro station .
it offers large rooms with a balcony .
ateljé vävglädje butik bed & breakfast located between lakes väsman and bysjön , close to dan andersson ' s homeland and loussastugan .
the unit is 800 metres from armenian opera and ballet theatre .
japanese breakfasts and dinners are served at the hotel ’ s dining room .
at holiday home kallesensvej blåvand i you will find a terrace , a swing and sandpit and barbeque facilities .
free wifi access is available .
guests are just 5 . 4 km from svendborg golf club , and cycling can be enjoyed in the surrounding countryside .
the rojen monastery is 7 km away and the saint stoyna and zlatolist monasteries are both 9 km away from park hotel makenzen . sandanksi is 17 km away .
situated in a charming , quiet courtyard in the old town of vilnius , grybas house can be found right next to a lively shopping street .
the centre of zadar is a 10 - minute bus ride away from villa gravic .
the kitchen is equipped with an oven , electric kettle and kitchenware .
for its climate and its geographic position , liguria is the ideal location for a pleasant stay throughout the year .
ngoc minh hotel is situated a 3 - minute walk from nearby dining options and 1 km from phu loc beach . it offers free private parking and complimentary wi - fi access .
offering a sun terrace and views of the garden , balenta homestay is situated in gili air in the lombok region , 6 km from gili trawangan .
guests have free access to the heated indoor swimming pool and hot tub , which are open all year round .
kaohsiung international airport is about 25 minutes ' drive away .
guests will receive discounted rates for breakfast at a cafè in the same building or at a pastry shop nearby .
offering clean and comfortable rooms in an ideal location , the hotel provides free wi - fi .
free bbq evenings are organised once a week by the winnewieser - hof ’ s staff .
free parking is provided by deluxe quartier rü - wo .
each room is fitted with a tv . certain rooms have views of the garden or city .
each room has a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
a bar is also available .
the private bathroom has a shower , free toiletries and a hairdryer .
melrose place features a charming garden where guests can relax on sun loungers overlooking the large swimming pool and watch a wide variety of bird - life .
hotel la pace ’ s restaurant serves hot and cold buffet lunches , and dinners with set menus .
karlstad airport is 40 km away .
a continental breakfast is available every morning at the old castle and can also be brought up to the guest rooms .
nearby beaches are 5 km away .
relax in the garden at hotel quattro strade .
all rooms are air - conditioned , with a tv and a private bath .
delle regioni hotel is close to all of rome ' s historic sites including the spanish steps , 400 metres away and the pantheon , one km away .
the property offers free parking .
the apartment will provide you with a tv , air conditioning and a balcony .
izmir adnan menderes airport is 85 km away .
the rooms are elegantly decorated with period furnishings and have wrought - iron beds .
the nearest airport is lien khuong airport , 23 km from the property .
ann arbor is 20 minutes ’ drive from the hotel .
the apartment has views of the sea and comes with a living room , a tv and a balcony , as well as a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
the private bathroom comes with a shower and hairdryer .
dąbrowa tarnowska train station is 12 . 5 km away and there are a number of historical sites and tourists attractions in the nearby towns .
featuring a restaurant , herdade da fonte is located in castelo de vide . free wifi access is available in this tranquil country house , as well as a daily breakfast .
evristhenis house is situated at the foot of a hill in toroni , within 170 metres from the beach .
as of december 2016 , a sauna as well as a fitness room will be at guests ' disposal .
a breakfast service is available and includes homemade jams and local products .
the nearest airport is john paul ii airport , 10 km from the property .
burgas airport is 10 km from the property .
las ramblas , the gothic quarter and plaça de catalunya are less than 1 . 5 km away .
room service is available .
the hotel provides a daily simple american breakfast compromising of coffee , toast , salads and fruits .
las américas international airport is a 30 - minute drive away .
each room is individually designed and appointed with rich fabrics and contemporary design furniture . special attention has also been paid to your comfort and the quality of mattresses and pillows are of the highest standard so you benefit from a great night ’ s sleep .
they come with bunk beds and shared bathrooms .
modernly decorated and very spacious , the air - conditioned blue wave villas consists of an open - plan living room , 3 bedrooms , dining area and a fully equipped kitchen . a satellite tv , a dvd player and 3 bathrooms with a hairdryer and toiletries are also provided .
exotic cocktails can be served at the pool bar with beautiful view of torba bay .
pension valbella is centrally located in partenen and just 50 metres from the ski bus to reach silvretta montafon ski area , 5 km away .
dating back to the 17th century , gwynfryn farm b & b is located in llanbedr , within snowdonia national park .
bed linen and towels are included .
a complimentary light evening buffet is available to guests from monday to thursday .
in the morning guests can enjoy breakfast at the courtyard café .
there are also 2 bars , and both room service and packed lunches are available on request .
a 10 - minute walk from montecatini centro station , il camino is a colourful two - bedroom apartment set in a villa with garden and small outdoor pool . montecatini ' s park of thermae is 250 metres from the apartment .
all of the luna alvor village ' s apartments have spacious balconies and are equipped with a full kitchenette , air conditioning and a satellite tv .
it offers free outdoor parking and there is also a garage , available at extra charge .
gorey harbour offers pleasure boats and a variety of watersports can be enjoyed on the sandy grouville bay .
complimentary breakfast is served at the lounge .
the vibrant town of primošten is only 7 km from danijela pansion , unesco - protected trogir can be reached in a 20 - minute drive , while šibenik is 35 km away .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
located within a 20 - minute drive to gullfoss waterfall and geysir , this holiday home is located on a horse farm in tungufell .
the bathroom includes a shower .
adler - sochi international airport is 3 km from the property .
the friendly staff can assist you 24 hours a day .
guests of the south akron holiday inn are welcome to relax in front of the lobby ’ s fireplace or work out in the fitness center . a 24 - hour business center offers a public computer , fax and printing services .
the units are colourful and provided with air conditioning , a flat - screen tv , and a bathroom .
apartaments fontalba features rustic - style studios with a private furnished terrace .
the rooms feature a flat - screen tv with satellite channels , a desk , and a private bathroom with free toiletries .
the private bathroom includes a hairdryer .
a tv , as well as an ipad and a computer are available .
apartments taci offers accommodation in different locations of bled ’ s city centre .
featuring free wifi in all areas , yuanjia xiaozi apartment qingdao haiyijing offers accommodation . parking is available .
guests benefit from balcony . free wifi is featured throughout the property .
for those who wish to chat with the travellers all over the world , there are lively dormitories available with shared bathroom facilities .
they overlook the surrounding countryside , with the sea in the distance .
a salt water pool is also offered .
the famous majorelle gardens are a 7 - minute drive away .
the 3 - star hotel delfin is situated 1 km from the warsaw - moscow route no e30 / 2 .
optimal sa franquesa nova is 7 km from manacor , and around 15 km from the beaches of calas de mallorca .
the hotel ’ s front desk is staffed 24 hours a day .
each apartment will provide you with flat - screen satellite tv with a dvd player .
the apartments also include a fully equipped kitchen with a microwave and an oven .
you will find a kettle in the room . each room has a private bathroom .
it features a wellness area and free private parking .
you will find free shuttle service and hairdresser ' s at the property .
it offers an indoor swimming pool , a spa centre , recreational activities , convenient guest services and 3 on - site restaurants .
less than 10 km from both the austrian and slovenian borders , the trieste hotel is well located for excursions to villach and even ljubljana .
there is a sun terrace by the pool , with barbecue facilities . the complex also has a library and a bar .
offering an outdoor pool and seasonal outdoor pool , villa rosanna is set in colico in the lombardy region , 5 km from piona abbey .
tulskaya metro station is a 10 - minute walk from hostel danilovsky . paveletsky train station is 2 . 7 km away , and domodedovo international airport is a 45 - minute aeroexpress train ride from this station .
each room at the non - smoking property is air - conditioned and has a private bathroom , a satellite tv and a minibar .
budva is 32 km from the property .
each air - conditioned room at heywood house hotel features tea / coffee making facilities , a luxurious en suite bathroom with complementary toiletries , a flat - screen tv and an ipod docking station .
the snack bar serves international recipes .
next to the pool , guests can enjoy a terrace with sun loungers , a dining table and bbq facilities .
national forest park kavo gkreko is 7 km from orcadia holiday villa , while kalamies beach is 700 metres from the property .
quietly located only 30 metres from ayia napa beach , theophan offers a restaurant and bar .
they have a private bathroom with a shower and toilet .
featuring a private beach area , hotel astoria enjoys a charming , unique location on the main street of the old town of budva . the medieval building which houses the hotel is combined with modern design and soft tones , creating a warm and inviting atmosphere .
a number of activities are offered in the area , such as cycling and hiking .
towels and bed linen are available .
dining options can be reached nearby within walking distance .
it has a modern décor and free wifi throughout .
guests can choose from guest rooms and self - catering options .
a television lounge is available to all guests throughout their stay , and the 24 - hour reception can offer recommendations for area attractions and dining .
the port is 250 metres away .
featuring rajasthani designs , the air - conditioned rooms come with cable tv , a minibar fridge , and tea / coffee making facilities .
central columbia , missouri , can be reached in 23 minutes ’ drive .
offering self - catering accommodation , casa mila is located in golfo della marinella , 800 metres from the beach .
there is also a kitchen , fitted with a microwave and refrigerator .
you will appreciate the hotel ' s peaceful location .
a continental breakfast is available at the soms park , and there is a bar with billiards and darts .
within only 40 metres , you will find a super market .
bathroom facilities are shared .
the spa area features a sauna , a steam bath and a massage area . a relaxation room and a drinking fountain are available .
snow - shoe hikes and ski tours in the oberdrautal outdoor park can be booked on site .
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge , a tour desk and a vending machine .
there is a sports complex nearby and the hotel is only minutes from downtown historic homes .
located in irkutsk , apartment on igoshina 5 offers self - catering accommodation with free wifi .
the antique furnitures and soft lighting add traditional charm to all guestrooms .
half board with a 3 - course or 4 - course dinner are served in the marie antoinette restaurant .
the elegant apartments include a twin room and a living room with a double sofa - bed , a flat - screen tv and a dining area .
green theatre is 1 km from hostel we , while tayny okeana aquarium is 1 . 1 km from the property .
the apartments also offer a kitchen with a dishwasher and a dining area .
darwin international airport is 7 km from the property .
the private bathroom offers a curved shower rod , hair dryer and ironing facilities .
surf dance holiday units are 4 km from mount coolum golf club , and 15 minutes ’ drive from sunshine coast airport .
split ferry port , lively bacvice beach and the historic diocletian palace are within 3 km of the apartments kekez .
the cream - coloured rooms offer light wood furnishings , an electric kettle and a fridge . well - appointed bathrooms have a bathtub , bathrobes and a hairdryer .
other facilities at villa alexandra include a barbecue .
st austell can be reached in 15 minutes , and the cornish coast is just 7 miles away .
the property offers free parking .
a patio boasts golf course views .
freewi - fi access is available .
all accommodation features a tv and a bathroom with a bath , while some also have views of mont blanc and a washing machine .
budva ' s old town is 1 . 5 km away and the bus station is 1 km from hotel aquamarin .
free parking is available , as well as free wi - fi and a 24 - hour reception .
the hostel ’ s bright rooms are decorated in different colours .
a flat - screen tv with cable channels is featured , as well as a dvd player .
there is a kitchen with a microwave and refrigerator .
all rooms are equipped with a tv and king - size bed .
the pergolette serves a sweet and savoury buffet breakfast every morning for the bedroom guests , it includes homemade pies , cold cuts , and hot drinks .
free wifi is offered in the entire building .
the classic - style rooms come with a satellite flat - screen tv and a fully equipped en suite bathroom .
guests enjoy a sweet italian breakfast every morning , served outdoors in fine weather .
the nearest highway exit is 2 km away .
this popular resort has a good seafront promenade .
all stylishly designed rooms are decorated with vivid colours and feature a flat - screen tv and a desk with a chair .
bardot apartamentos offers rooms with a double bed and fully furnished apartments with a balcony and sea views .
it has a shared kitchen equipped with a stove , fridge , electric kettle and toaster .
the chalet comes with a kitchen with a dishwasher and an oven .
furnished with modern décor , the rooms come with air - conditioning , a seating area and a cable tv . a refrigerator and an en suite bathroom are included .
neath railway station is a 15 - minute journey by car .
ironing facilities are also available .
there are 2 bathrooms , fitted with a bathtub and a shower .
the front desk is open 24 hours a day , and a private beach area is also available .
spacious accommodation with free wi - fi in all rooms are offered .
dog sledding , cross - country skiing and snowshoeing are possible in the surrounding area .
set on 2 floors , the apartment comes with a living / dining area with fireplace and fully equipped kitchen , a flat - screen tv , and a washing machine .
air conditioning is provided throughout .
free wifi is offered throughout the property .
breakfast is served daily at the property .
on - site conveniences include laundry service , shared kitchen facilities and dining area .
batumi archeological museum is 2 . 9 km from ingves house , while dolphinarium is 3 km from the property .
guests can approach the multilingual staff of out of the blue to arrange for fishing and snorkelling activities , tours excursions and ticketing services .
organic vegetables are also grown here .
holiday home brunbjergvej ringkøbing ix also offers a sauna and a whirlpool .
guests of the property can benefit from free wifi and can use free bicycles to explore the area .
they have private bathroom facilities and feature either air conditioning or a fan .
you can also reach the city ’ s shopping district which is 400 metres away .
regional cuisine is served in the gourmet restaurant , accompanied by wines from the wine cellar .
the rustic - style rooms have a balcony overlooking the mountains , a seating area , satellite tv , and a bathroom .
the reception is open 24 hours a day , and it is possible to buy guided tours in the hotel ’ s tour desk .
eskilstuna river provides nice fishing opportunities from a jetty , 500 metres away .
san felice circeo is a 20 - minute drive away .
situated on rennesøy island by the brimse fjord , fjordbris hotel offers free wi - fi and brightly decorated rooms and apartments with flat - screen tvs .
bmyguest - real casta apartment ii also includes a terrace .
from the marina you can reach lerici castle in 20 minutes by car , while levanto is 40 km away .
the accommodation will provide you with a tv . there is a full kitchen with an oven and a refrigerator .
all air - conditioned guest rooms feature a minibar and a flat - screen tv with cable channels .
situated in pereybere , sunny lagoon holiday villa features a sun terrace and free wifi is provided .
los angeles international airport is 12 km from the property .
all rooms at rhoslyn hotel are individually decorated and each room has its own flat - screen tv and tea and coffee making facilities . most rooms are en suite , whilst others have their own separate , private shower and toilet facilities .
there is a seating area , a dining area and a kitchen as well as a private bathroom .
other facilities offered include a shared lounge with a projector tv , a tour desk , and luggage storage .
muskogee americas best value inn is 2 miles from river country family waterpark and creek nation casino muskogee .
suites have a seating area to relax in after a busy day .
this wooden chalet features a garden and free wifi access .
nail care and renewal rituals are also available , as is an on - site fitness centre .
it is about 42 km from people ' s square and pudong international airport .
each room comes with a flat - screen tv , wrought - iron beds and a bathroom with shower .
free wifi is provided .
gelendzhik city centre is a 10 - minute walk from the magnoliya .
numerous bars and restaurants serving local and international cuisine can be found nearby .
guests can enjoy the on - site bar .
the luxurious suria klcc is a 30 - minute drive away while kuala lumpur international airport is 45 minutes away by car .
a 24 - hour front desk with concierge service is offered at inn napa winery .
the san antonio hotel restaurant serves local and international cuisine .
ben gurion university is 45 km away .
local and western dishes are prepared at the resort ’ s restaurant .
they feature a lounge with a cable tv , a well - equipped kitchen , and a private bathroom with hairdryer and free toiletries .
the property also offers grocery delivery .
free wifi access is available .
palm garden restaurant services indonesian and international dishes at the hotel .
apartments marko features free wifi throughout the property .
free wi - fi and complimentary private parking are both available at the luma casa de montaña .
there is also an indoor diving facility directly next to the property .
all rooms and dormitories have a modern decor and feature free wi - fi . all have shared bathrooms with a shower .
all rooms are air - conditioned and feature large windows overlooking the garden , coffee and tea - making facilities and a flat - screen tv with 200 international channels .
prescott forest villas hotel offers a large selection of beer , wine and champagne .
bicycle and car rental is available , while airport transfer and shuttle services can be arranged upon request .
located in taghazout , appartemet la piscine offers an outdoor pool .
the baixa - chiado metro station is 280 metres away and the rossio train station is a 10 - minute walk away and connects guests to the mystic city of sintra .
they have either shared or private bathroom facilities .
these simple and practical apartments give you total freedom to plan your holiday .
the city of thessaloniki is 1 hour ’ s drive away .
shanghai jiangtian hotel is located close to huangpu river , 1 km from metro line 7 .
a terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms .
located on a historical street in odorheiu secuiesc , europa hotel is situated in a classical building with comfortable rooms and a homely restaurant serving traditional hungarian and transylvanian meals .
the scenic fuxing park is a 5 - minute walk away .
the topkapi palace and grand bazaar are 5 minutes by foot .
guests can enjoy a daily breakfast buffet each morning .
the resort provides a free shuttle service to macau ferry terminal , a 20 - minute drive away .
offering an outdoor pool , bbq facilities and private parking , cascina ometto is in the peaceful piedmont countryside about 2 km from pasturana . wifi is free in communal areas .
all air - conditioned rooms include cable tv , a dvd player and a work desk with wi - fi internet access .
in addition , the apartments feature a well - equipped kitchen and a living area .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling and canoeing .
located just 300 metres from ao nang bay , this hotel in krabi offers a spa , a sauna and massage rooms . free wifi and free private parking are available .
each comes with a fan and a mosquito net .
the nearest airport is roshchino international airport , 9 km from hostel mors .
tivat airport is 20 km from popović apartments .
there are also 2 bathrooms .
the kitchen features a fridge .
at the hermitage inn you will find a garden .
certain rooms have views of the mountains or garden .
at casa vacanza alonzo you will find a 24 - hour front desk .
this modern , open - plan cottage has a living room with a tv and dvd player , and each bedroom also has a satellite tv .
bars and restaurants are found in the surroundings .
the accommodation will provide you with a terrace , a seating area and a cd player .
hotel olimp premises feature tennis courts , athletics stadium , and numerous hiking and cycling paths along lakes rusałka , strzeszyńskie and kierskie .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out image and sound museum ( 700 metres ) and abolition palace ( 800 metres ).
the hotel also provides breakfast daily , free access to a computer , as well as , free wi - fi .
it provides rooms with free wi - fi and cable tv . a small sauna is featured on site and can be used by all guests .
complete with a fridge , the dining area also has a coffee machine .
the air - conditioned apartments offer a work desk and a flat - screen tv .
free toiletries and a hairdryer are provided in the bathroom .
syracuse is 50 km from the property .
there is a seating area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher and an oven .
the nearest airport is goa international airport , 8 km from sans apartment .
free private parking is available on site .
featuring free wifi , the second floor apartment offers accommodation in tel aviv . nachalat benyamin crafts fair is 600 metres from the property .
daily maid service is provided .
the property offers free parking .
featuring free wi - fi , a caeira offers apartments with a private terrace . overlooking the river lérez and the city of pontevedra , the property is 1 . 5 km from the historic centre .
the area is popular for spa , golfing , cycling , hiking , fishing and horse riding .
capri apartments merimbula are just 4 minutes ’ drive from merimbula aquarium and magic mountain .
a city bike rental station is located right next to the building , while the nearest tram stop is at radetzkyplatz , 100 metres away .
all rooms include a private bathroom .
at the end of a long day ’ s sightseeing or business in the city , you can relax in libretto ’ s fitness suite , which also has a finnish sauna .
superior rooms also have a terrace with sun loungers and a spa bath .
offering a terrace , holiday home sonja 278 is located in peaceful surroundings in pula and provides air - conditioned accommodation with free wifi access .
lindos is 12 km from rodos beach , while the famous tsampika beach is 2 km away .
les stralitzias hotel is located in juan - les - pins , just 300 metres from the beach and a 5 - minute walk from the town centre .
public parking spaces are a 5 - minute walk away .
panagia kera church is within 8 km .
the 24 - hour reception includes a tour desk .
each has a kitchen equipped with a hob , washing machine , and microwave .
a continental breakfast is available for an extra fee .
located just a 5 - minute walk from thiranagama beach , jungle holiday home provides a relaxing retreat in hikkaduwa .
bari international airport is a 40 - minute drive away .
the rooms at the posada punta ballota are decorated with wood and come with heating and a tv . each one has a seating area and a private bathroom with a hairdryer .
wireless internet is available in the entire hotel free of charge and you can park your car for free on site .
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings , including cycling and hiking .
the guest house also proposes activities including hikes , donkey rides and it can organise tours and transfers .
facilities include satellite tv , a microwave and a coffee machine .
there is also a fireplace and a table tennis .
it is adjacent to several supermarkets , medical centers and pharmacies . khalid lagoon and sharjah ' s central souq are within walking distance .
guests can taste the sweets , cheeses and delicacies of the region and follow the historical tour guide .
waffles , pancakes , eggs benedict are offered daily at apple orchard cottages . fresh fruit , tea , coffee and juices are also provided .
located in heraklion ' s elegant district , this 5 - star hotel offers 2 gourmet restaurants , a free wellness centre and a large freshwater pool . luxurious rooms feature balconies with pool and city views .
set in a 2 - hectare garden at the heart of the palm grove in marrakech , this design property features mexican architecture in its rooms and 2 - bedroom villa .
it offers rooms and apartments in different locations of dubrovnik ' s old town , all within 300 metres of each other and only 100 metres from banje beach .
linen , towels and bathrobes are available free of charge .
ski lift stafelwald - teller is 300 metres from aramis , while ski lift links - kalbermatten i is 400 metres from the property .
golf costa brava is just 5 minutes ' drive away .
rooms are fitted with a flat - screen tv with cable channels .
offering a restaurant , hotel - renner is located in buchbach .
both chinese delicacies and western - style dishes are available for your choice .
located on a hilltop 10 minutes ’ drive outside soria , hotel valdonsadero offers amazing views of mount picofrentes .
the rooms at the marin hotel have a satellite tv and a private bathroom .
there is a dining area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher , an oven and microwave . a tv with satellite channels is featured .
the guest house is 500 metres from palazzo vecchio .
walvis bay airport is 14 km away .
diving and island - hopping trips can be arranged by the hotel .
guests can relax with pampering massage treatments or take a dip in the pool .
the tastefully designed rooms are modern with a touch of traditional charm .
the 400 - year old building of quinta da florencia is set in the quiet countryside of serra da estrela and offers free wi - fi .
all rooms are equipped with satellite tv , a phone , and a private bathroom with a shower or bath and a hairdryer .
historic edinburgh castle can be reached in just a 15 - minute walk and murrayfield stadium is a 10 - minute taxi ride away .
apartment søndergade is a self - catering accommodation located in hov .
a coffee machine , kitchenware and toaster are also provided .
this hotel is located in the vasilyevsky island in saint petersburg , just a 10 - minute walk from sportivnaya metro station .
family hotel zelenika is 5 minutes ’ drive or 15 minutes ' walk from asparuhovo beach and offers panoramic views of varna south bay and surrounding wild beaches .
there is an open plan kitchenette with a dining area , a refrigerator and kitchenware .
the knut hamsun centre is 30 km away .
various luxury stores , shops , restaurants and cafes can be reached within a 10 - minute walk .
split is only 6 km away .
the property is 45 km from lecce and free private parking is offered .
guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant .
offering air conditioning and a balcony , bye suite provides accommodation in chioggia , 3 km from the town centre and a 5 - minute drive from sottomarina sandy beach .
it is a 10 - minute drive from hualien railway station . hualien airport is a 20 - minute drive away .
the accommodation will provide a satellite tv and a seating area and a dining table . the kitchen comes with a microwave .
its ideal location allows easy access to shops and restaurants .
gijon city centre is 20 km away , while oviedo is within a 30 - minute drive of the hotel .
albena is 7 km from eight - bedroom holiday home in tsurkva , while balchik is 12 km away .
local cuisine is served at the on - site restaurant .
sneek is 41 km away .
there is also an electric kettle .
rooms at the recanto feature tile flooring and en suite facilities including shower .
all bedrooms have a private bathroom and a rustic - style décor .
the villa is a 10 - minute walk from the famous old market and pub street .
some rooms also boast views of the garden .
each delta apartment has a kitchenette which comes equipped with a stove , a microwave and a refrigerator .
offering a children ' s playground , gorgippiya hotel is located in vityazevo in the krasnodar krai region , 250 metres from the black sea coast .
the unit features a flat - screen tv with cable channels , as well as a laser printer and a well - equipped kitchen .
towels and bed linen are provided .
it offers pampering in - room massages , village tours and free wi - fi access .
the unit is fitted with a kitchen . a tv is provided .
the kitchens are equipped with a fridge , tea / coffee maker and there is a dining area .
the business center has fax / copy services and free parking is available .
at the foot of mount vitosha , hotel berlin park vitosha is a 10 - minute drive from sofia ' s centre and 20 minutes from sofia airport .
the cheesecake factory is 4 minutes ’ walk away .
the property offers free parking .
it is 50 km to varna .
its rooms have private bathrooms and satellite tv .
the private bathroom has free toiletries and a hairdryer .
the amoblados costa suecia is one block from the metro station los leones , a local supermarket and restaurants .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out the large shopping mall galeria krakowska which is 1 . 5 km away and the stunning old market square is 1 km from the apartamenty koletek 3 .
the full kitchen has a dining table and opens to the living area , while also letting in plenty of natural light from the window .
fitted with windows and tiled flooring , rooms are simply equipped with air conditioning and a tv . each room comes with a private bathroom that includes hot shower facility available throughout the day .
the nearest airport is brussels airport , 11 km from marc b & b .
you can borrow a portable tablet and games from reception .
you can prepare meals using the apartment ’ s kitchenette , which is equipped with a microwave , a coffee machine , a small refrigerator and an electric kettle .
tala house is located in riyadh and offers self - catering accommodation . free wi - fi access is available .
dormitory brownstone - brooklyn is located in bushwick .
the bergkastel cable car is 2 . 5 km away , and a ski depot there is available to guests of annemaries apart .
you will find a shared kitchen at the property .
your morning breakfast is full of hot options , making breakfast at the comfort inn & suites the perfect way to start your day .
each unit is fitted with a private bathroom with a shower .
surrounded by top branson , missouri attractions , including the dick clark theatre , this hotel offers completely non - smoking guestrooms along with a variety of exceptional amenities , including free wireless internet access .
bright and modern , the apartments offer a full kitchen equipped with a microwave , stove , refrigerator and kitchenware .
bintan lagoon resort , which houses a beach and restaurants , is also an hour ’ s drive away .
offering free wifi , rooms at kaanapali ocean inn feature tropical inspired décor and include air conditioning , a tv , a refrigerator , and a coffee machine .
boasting sea views , saphli restaurant offers a selection of thai and european cuisines .
rooms come with vibrant fabrics , wooden furnishings and windows that provide natural light .
offering an outdoor pool and terrace , hotel sandjaja is set in palembang in the sumatra region , 2 km from ampera bridge .
state academic opera and ballet is 3 . 2 km from hollywood hostel yekaterinburg , while dormitory of sverdlovsk state academic philharmonic is 3 . 3 km from the property .
with free wi - fi and air conditioning , all guest rooms open onto a private balcony .
spa facilities at the hotel include hammam and beauty salon .
le morne is 19 km from thalie 5 , while balaclava is 74 km away .
a grocery delivery service can also be arranged .
all units also feature a private balcony and a full kitchen for added comforts .
there are several restaurants close to hotel acropolis , offering a choice of bulgarian , turkish and chinese cuisine .
hönow underground station is only 100 metres from the hotel .
the guest house is 8 . 4 km from o2 world hamburg , 8 . 5 km from imtech - arena and 11 km from hamburg - altona train station .
tbilisia apart hotel also includes a terrace .
hurzufske shosse bus stop is within a 9 - minute walk and hurzuf bus station is 2 km away .
the bathrooms are private and have free toiletries and shower .
shops and restaurants can be found within 1 km and the nearest city , thisted , is in 20 km .
this property ' s privileged location allows guests to relax in the outdoor infinity swimming pool with uninterrupted sea views .
villa pantulan bali is about 3 km from ubud and 38 km from ngurah rai international airport .
it features a lush park , free sauna access and a lounge with an open fireplace .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including snorkelling and canoeing .
at the restaurant guests can enjoy a selection of tasty romanian dishes .
surrounded by palm trees , it features a swimming pool with a terrace , sun loungers and bbq .
a sweet and savoury breakfast buffet is served daily in the common area , including cold cuts and cheese , together with hot beverages and pastries .
netanya is situated next to cosmopolitan hastings street , with boutiques and al fresco restaurants .
guests can relax in the sauna or hot tub at the hotel .
room service can be requested for in - room dining comforts .
the hotel zum stern boasts a 400 - year tradition of hospitality , and is an ideal place to leave the hustle and bustle of the city behind you , and relax in these beautiful forest surroundings .
eckerförde ’ s sandy beach is only an 8 - minute walk away .
various trips are possible not far from aurora studia .
amenities , such as tv and air conditioning are also featured .
providing free wifi throughout the property , beijing guochuang hotel also offers free private parking .
wi - fi access is also available at no charge .
the accommodation will provide you with a tv and air conditioning .
certain rooms have a seating area where you can relax .
private bathroom also comes with a shower .
there is also a dining area and a kitchen equipped with a toaster . a fridge and stovetop are also offered , as well as a coffee machine .
guests can enjoy a sweet and savoury buffet breakfast with eggs and cold cuts at the pircher .
guests can enjoy the on - site bar . free private parking is available on site .
the living - dining room features a sofa and a flat - screen tv .
at hotel victoria guests will find a 24 - hour front desk , a shared lounge , a tour desk and free luggage storage . the property offers free parking .
private bathrooms come with a shower .
japanese pub restaurant katete offers a wide assortment of drinks and meals , while the hotel ’ s buffet restaurant caters a variety of japanese dishes for breakfast , lunch and dinner .
the three - bedroom apartment features living and dining areas and a kitchen with a stove , washing machine and fridge .
it offers ticketing services and bicycle rentals for backpackers .
the property offers free parking .
hotel paola is located in the centre of milan , just 200 metres from loreto metro station and the shops of corso buenos aires .
each apartment is fitted with a balcony , flat - screen cable tv and safety deposit box .
offering an outdoor pool and an extensive garden , royal caribbean resort is located on a private beach in san pedro .
the shuttle stop to the beach is just 200 metres away .
apartments matešič is located in sečovlje , 4 km from portorož .
whale cruises are offered within 2 km of this tadoussac b & b . cap - de - bon - désir interpretation and observation centre is 30 km away .
guests can enjoy viennese specialities in the fine dining room or on the terrace with magnificent views over wilhelminenberg and the city .
popular activities in the surrounding area include hiking and cycling , and it is a 35 - minute walk to the trifels castle .
towels and bed linen are available at apartment na sharikopodshipnikovskoy .
guests of 7n ranch resort can glide down a zip line in heise hot springs , 15 minutes ’ walk away .
the b & b is around 30 km from porto san giorgio on the adriatic coast .
iris residence 2 . offers accommodation in budapest , 400 metres from state opera house and 800 metres from st . stephen ' s basilica .
this self - catering apartment is set at a priviledged location , only 50 metres from cobacabana beach in rio de janeiro .
it takes 15 minutes to drive to belorussky train station , from which you can get to sheremetyevo international airport by aeroexpress .
it boasts a rooftop pool , gym and spa .
decorated in neutral colours , all rooms at coral gables guesthouse come with a tv set and ironing facilities .
all rooms have a flat - screen tv and a kettle . rooms are equipped with a private bathroom .
guests can relax on the sun loungers by the pool , or make use of the sauna and fitness centre facilities .
bed linen is provided .
free parking is also available .
the alleppey bus station is 4 km while the cochin international airport is 90 km away .
it has been in the family for over 35 years and has direct access to the ski slopes .
guests can also enjoy a cocktail at the hotel bar in the evening .
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower .
there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
there is also a garden that guests can explore .
the private bathroom is complete and comes with free toiletries .
the on - site restaurant serves lunch , including a salad buffet .
barbecue facilities are also available on site .
it offers air - conditioned rooms with a seating area .
espinho guesthouse provides a shuttle service to francisco sá carneiro international airport , located a 25 - minute drive .
guests can enjoy a selection of international dishes at julia mía restaurant overlooking the garden and outdoor swimming pool .
some rooms include a terrace .
a water tram travelling to the hel peninsula stops just 800 metres from the kantal apartamenty sea towers .
split airport is just 4 km away .
small children are allowed to ride the llamas , alpacas and donkeys .
pj inn pattaya is located in pattaya central and 1 km from the beachfront .
the tower of london and canary wharf can be reached within 35 minutes via public transport .
technogym equipment and the teams of specialists will make sure to keep the guest fit and healthy .
all rooms are fully en - suite and feature a refrigerator .
this property offers a selection of restaurants and bars on site , including " the sun deck ", which offers stunning views of the ski tracks .
guests can enjoy a simple buffet with japanese and western dishes .
there is also a separate bathroom .
the bright living room is air - conditioned and includes a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
zagreb airport is located 16 km away .
free parking is provided at this haven inn & suites as well .
chalet barnard has 4 floors and consists of 6 bedrooms , 4 bathrooms , a large living room with a fireplace and a plasma tv with dvd player .
free wifi is provided throughout the building . guests enjoy free coffee .
it offers charming beach huts and rooms with a private terrace or balcony and ocean views .
at the manta resort you will find a private beach area and an outdoor pool .
decorated in warm tones , all rooms are bright and comfortably furnished .
the private bathroom comes with a shower .
it includes free wi - fi access .
japanese yukata robes are provided for all guests and free parking is available .
offering a seasonal outdoor pool and views of the sea , apartmani meb is set in dobra voda just 150 metres from the veliki pijesak beach . free wifi is provided throughout the property .
explorit science center is 12 . 6 miles away .
just a 5 - minute drive from ngurah rai international airport , anika guest house provides elegant rooms .
the private bathroom is fitted with a shower and a hairdryer .
the property is 8 km from sopot and private parking is offered .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out ferry docks ( 2 . 3 km ) and speedboat harbour ( 2 . 5 km ).
some villas also have a private kitchen equipped with a stovetop .
offering free wifi access , apartment vienna is located 650 metres from the margaretengürtel metro stop ( line u4 ). the raimund theatre is 1 km away .
all units have a private bathroom , while some come with a balcony with garden views or a kitchenette .
formigal is the largest ski resort in spain and is located 10 minutes ’ drive from the french border .
accommodation will provide you with a satellite , flat - screen tv , dvd player and air conditioning .
pension nicoleta is 4 . 5 km from horezu .
there are free loungers and umbrellas by the pool .
a dishwasher , an oven and a microwave can be found in the kitchen and there is a private bathroom .
featuring free wifi , the accommodation will provide guests with a tv and a seating area .
en suite bathrooms feature a shower , bathtub and toiletries .
a variety of restaurants and cafés serving indonesian food can be found just a 2 - minute walk from the property .
utama raya operates a 24 - hour front desk and offers meeting / banqueting facilities and laundry services .
you can play tennis and table tennis at this hotel , and the area is popular for snorkelling .
homestead bed and breakfast can organize trips to scotia safaris game farm , which is a 1 - hour drive away .
set in kmetcheta , 10 km from gabrovo , guest house kmetovite offers rooms and self - catering accommodation units with a balcony and access to a garden with barbecue facilities .
the karerhof ’ s products , such as speck , eggs and apple juice , can be enjoyed on site .
oasi da elio is a one - bedroom apartment located in gaeta , 1 . 2 km from regional city park of monte orlando .
they include en suite facilities , a telephone and a balcony .
the szymoszkowa ski centre is 2 km away . the gubałówka cable rail is 1 . 5 km away .
the amoudi studios apartments hotel is located in the greek village of amoudi , a quiet un - spoilt resort close to the busy beach resorts of alykes and alykanas .
other facilities offered include luggage storage .
each room is equipped with satellite tv , a minibar , slippers and a hairdryer .
free wifi is available .
each room at piazza hotel includes an individual interior and a balcony with panoramic sea and mountain views .
saybrook point inn is home to the 4 - diamond restaurant , fresh salt , which features views of the waterfront and american cuisine .
the toscana naumburg is a 40 - minute drive from jena and 50 minutes from leipzig via the a38 motorway .
located in the city centre of moscow , just a 20 - minute walk from the red square , home apartments on tverskaya features free wi - fi and air conditioning .
it features an outdoor pool . guests benefit from free wifi and private parking available on site .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and a bathrobe .
you can enjoy city view from the room .
this holiday home is 61 km from milan malpensa airport .
each air - conditioned room comes with a tv .
fondues are also organised .
the nearest airport is tivat airport , 16 km from the property .
niesenblick is a self - catering apartment with a balcony , mountain views , fireplace and free wifi , located in reichenbach .
the nearest airport is atyrau international airport , 5 km from the property .
towels and bed linen are offered at rembrandt flat .
the air - conditioned rooms and suites of the iakinthos feature a mini fridge , tv and safe . all units have private balconies with beautiful sea views .
the rooms are traditionally decorated with wood - panelled walls and parquet floors .
every room has an en suite bathroom as well , with toiletries and a hairdryer .
there is a full kitchenette with a microwave and an oven .
a flat - screen cable tv and minibar are provided in each room .
buffet breakfast is also available , and there is a bar and a large terrace too .
tenerife south airport is 25 km away .
the property features a terrace , a balcony and air conditioning .
a number of eateries and restaurants can be found within a 5 - minute walk from the casa vela charm .
guests can dine at a restaurant on site .
the restaurant serves traditional tuscan cuisine with homemade pasta , bread and desserts .
local attractions include cologne cathedral and imhoff chocolate museum , which are a 15 - minute drive away .
all the rooms are air - conditioned and provide satellite tv and a seating area . each one comes with a fridge and an electric kettle .
green guest house also includes a barbecue .
le mas des couleurs is located in banne , 8 km from the ardèche river .
other facilities offered at the property include a games room and a children ' s playground .
yamba beach is 45 minutes ’ drive away .
the cava grande del cassabile natural reserve is a 5 - minute drive from the property .
appartement annabel includes a laundry room with a washing machine and a tumble dryer .
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
the wellness centre also features a solarium , hot tub and massage room .
free parking is available at grimscote manor , and both birmingham and birmingham airport are less than 20 minutes away by car .
the jungle club is located on the hill and in the jungle with a very nice view of chaweng beach .
casa di verga is 200 metres from i mori maison de charme , while ursino castle is 300 metres away .
the bright rooms are individually decorated , and each has a modern bathroom with molton brown toiletries .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower and a hairdryer . extras include a desk .
the property offers both guestrooms and beds in dormitory with air conditioning .
the hotel offers free wi - fi , an outdoor swimming pool and rooms with satellite tv .
each room is fitted with a flat - screen tv .
the modernly decorated apartments are all heated and feature a living room with a sofa , private bathroom , cable tv , free wifi , fully - equipped kitchen and separate dining area .
the historic centre is 1 km away .
featuring views of the surrounding mountains , apartamentos jacinto benavente is located in málaga .
each room is equipped with a wardrobe , a tv and has a comfortable seating area .
a tv , yukata robes and air conditioning are included in each .
it features bright rooms , and the reception works 24 hours a day .
featuring a terrace , the accommodation offers a mountain view .
avesta park features free wifi .
bressanone is a 30 - minute drive away .
shopping centre gagarinskiy is located 1 . 1 km away from the property and concert hall yotaspace is 600 metres away .
recreational choices include indulging in a relaxing massage at the spa or exercising at the gym .
saarbrücken and the french border can be reached in 20 minutes by car .
the private bathroom is fitted with a shower .
restaurants and bars can be found within walking distance of the accommodation .
accommodation will provide you with cable tv . there is a full kitchenette with a refrigerator and kitchenware .
guests have access to a communal kitchen .
there is also a tv lounge , allowing you to relax in the evenings .
modernly decorated , the apartment consists of a seating , dining and fully equipped kitchen area for the preparation of meals .
bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for snorkelling .
hotel ’ s other facilities include a separated male and female finish sauna and a hot tub .
7 local golf courses , 2 of which situated right on the loch , mean fanatics are spoilt for choice .
relaxing massage treatments are also available .
there is a variety of typical spanish restaurants within a 10 - minute drive from apartamentos clavería .
guests can make use of the business corner with internet access , located next to the reception .
they all have tv and a balcony .
the property offers free parking .
the kreischbergbahn cable car is 150 metres away , and a ski storage room is provided on site .
dubrovnik airport can be reached by car in 25 minutes . airport transfers can be arranged upon request .
the property features a spa and wellness centre , plus free wifi access .
set 4 . 2 km from the heritage centre & aerospace museum in bangalore , zo rooms whitefield features free wifi access and free private parking .
just 250 metres from the beach of chryssi ammoudia , in skala panagia , olive garden villas offer spacious , split - level accommodation with a garden , children ' s play area and private parking .
you can also take a trip to the allgäu skyline park , situated 5 km away .
set in the heart of puglia , it offers air - conditioned rooms with views of san domenico church .
set in the centre of salerno , appartamento dei mercanti is just 150 metres from salerno cathedral .
restaurants are available within 500 metres of the hotel , while guests can reach the area ’ s natural water parks in a 15 - minute drive .
the hotel provides car rental and shuttle services , while travel bookings can be made at the tour desk .
guests can also order room service , or enjoy light meals at the snack bar .
you can enjoy river view and pool view from the room .
certain units include a seating area where you can relax .
free parking is available and bicycles can be rented on site .
located in central gori , stalin guest house is a homelike guest house just 140 metres from the stalin museum , and 800 metres from the gori fortress .
granadilla , set next to the gabriel y galán reservoir , is 45 km away , while hervás and its historic jewish quarter is 30 minutes ’ drive away .
do folião is a self - catering accommodation located in salvador , only a 10 - minute walk from ondina beach , offering free wifi . this property is inside the circuito barra ondina itinerary , the famous carnival party .
the property offers a tour desk and can arrange bicycle rental or car hire .
the apartment features free wifi and a flat - screen tv with cable channels .
a supermarket is located 900 metres away .
the west end and covent garden are a 10 - minute walk , and oxford street is only a mile away .
castillo de santa cecilia has banquet facilities and a chapel , plus currency exchange services are also available .
hotel delfino is located on the seafront in laigueglia , in the heart of riviera delle palme , overlooking baia del sole , and features a bar and a restaurant .
surrounded by shopping malls , hotel san want is located a 3 - minute walk from centre square .
the resort also provides laundry and dry cleaning services , currency exchange and tour arrangements .
there is also a roof bar , which you can sample a variety of beverages and refreshments .
a bicycle rental is available onsite as well as a free local shuttle service .
free wifi is available in the public areas .
it offers comfortable rooms and the convenience of a 24 - hour front desk . free wi - fi is available throughout .
within 6 . 5 km shops and restaurants can be found .
the hotel is located within a 14 - minute drive from barahona ’ s town centre where guests can find restaurants , markets and coffee shops .
renz villa hotel is a 5 - minute drive to olivarez circle , st . anthony school and tagaytay city .
mingachevir motel offers accommodation in bayramly .
an outdoor pool and a continental breakfast are featured .
santa maria maggiore is 3 . 3 km from 4family colosseo , while sapienza university of rome is 3 . 3 km away .
they also feature tiled floors and a mosquito net .
as well as skiing in winter guests can enjoy hiking and mountain biking in summer .
this hostel is located in yalta , just a 10 - minute walk from the white dacha museum .
it is located on the shores of the sea of azov , close to the kuban river ’ s delta .
for your comfort , you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer .
it offers an outdoor swimming pool , tennis court and free wi - fi internet access .
the living room is equipped with a fireplace , a flat - screen tv , sofas and a dining area .
it features chargeable massages , a launderette and a free - use computer and printer .
guests can hire bicycles or skiing equipment . there is also a barbecue area .
the daily breakfast buffet includes champagne .
various shops , restaurants and bars can be found nearby .
little suite – lison is located in marcq - en - baroeul , just a 10 - minute drive from the lille city centre and 30 metre away from the foch tram stop .
athens international airport is at 32 km .
in hotel hasdrubal thalassa & spa , enjoy a close link to nature within and without your room .
bagergade apartment is a self - catering accommodation located in central svendborg .
visitors can book soothing massages or relax in the gym after a long day .
pescara can be reached by car in 30 minutes .
suvarnabhumi international airport is about a 2 . 5 - hour drive away .
agriturismo fenilnovo is set in a tranquil rural area 3 km from porto mantovano , inside mincio natural park .
groceries can be delivered on request .
evening menus can be enjoyed with the other guests in the dining room upon demand .
the designer décor elements of the hotel , including paintings , chairs and cabinets of old peruvian antiquity can be purchased on guest ’ s request .
halle / leipzig airport is 48 km away .
there is a seating area and a kitchen complete with an oven and a toaster .
complete with a microwave , the dining area also has a refrigerator .
seascape holidays sea breeze on garrick is just a 4 - minute walk from the port douglas surf club and marina mirage .
leuven ’ s central market square is 150 metres away .
it is possible to rent mountain bikes to explore the natural surroundings of the guest house .
featuring a garden with a terrace , czos apartment is an apartment situated in mrągowo , 800 metres from townhall of mragowo .
there is an adventure park 300 metres away .
senai airport is a 45 - minute drive away .
set in a 16th - century renovated prison , porta del tempo offers rooms in the centre of stroncone , a 15 - minute drive from terni . the property has free wi - fi throughout .
the front desk at the allentown america ’ s best value inn is staffed 24 hours a day .
some rooms in casa naranja feature a private bathroom with a shower and other rooms have shared bathroom facilities .
ferienwohnungen dietmar thöni offers a sauna and a fitness centre for your relaxation .
luggage storing space is provided at the front desk .
guests can enjoy outdoor dining at aurora restaurant which offers thai and european cuisines .
private bathroom also comes with a shower .
guests can also enjoy seasonal , local cuisine in a meal prepared by the hosts , upon request .
units at the property comes with a kitchen and a balcony with sea views .
residence du golf de l ' ocean is beside a 9 - hole golf course called golf du pays de morlaix and 15 km from the roscoff thalassotherapy centre .
extras include a seating area .
within 100 metres from the property , guests can find restaurants and supermarkets .
every room is fitted with a private bathroom .
facilities of the house include a ski storage room , a library , free wifi and free outdoor parking .
a hot breakfast is provided at the prikamie .
offering en suite rooms with air conditioning and free wi - fi in parona lomellina , hotel giardino features a restaurant and private parking .
there is a fully equipped kitchen . the bathroom comes with a shower and a toilet . other facilities include electric heating .
along with a large outdoor swimming pool and hot tub , ether studios provides free parking and internet access and great views of the aegean sea and the stunning santorini sunset .
downtown paramaribo is 3 km away .
the cottage enjoys a peaceful setting looking onto the beautiful somerset countryside .
this apartment located on upper floors is accessible by lift and features a seating area with a flat - screen tv and a bathroom with a bath and shower .
los angeles international airport is 36 km away .
the rooms feature simple furnishings and a tv .
guests benefit from free wifi and private parking available on site .
it features an outdoor terrace with a billiards table and seating .
the solar powered family run hotel , offers guests wi - fi internet access everywhere in the hotel and transfer to the port and the airport .
leisure center turbas is a spacious recreation complex with a number of facilities , including a 17 metres waterslide , a choice of saunas as well as a private beach and an island on mazā jugla river .
the self - catering house is fully equipped with a kitchen , shower and heating .
featuring a shower , the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer , slippers and free toiletries .
featuring a tropical swimming pool and free buffet breakfast each morning , the award - winning jj ' s backpackers hostel offers a free pick - up service from cairns railway station and bus terminal .
some bars , restaurants and a grocery store can be found in the vicinity of the property .
free wi - fi access is available in all areas and there is a free public parking on site .
staff at the 24 - hour front desk can attend to guests ’ requests .
you can enjoy mountain view .
arlington national cemetery is 5 miles away .
the rooms at residencia tomás alfaro fournier feature a work desk and a private bathroom .
apartments agrijan also includes a barbecue .
there is also a 24 - hour café - bar and a small supermarket on site .
other facilities at 3 bedroom seafront villa island view include an outdoor pool .
the property also offers room service and packed lunches .
boasting spacious apartments , the hale pau hana resort is set on a private beach in south maui , a short distance from popular attractions and activities .
the accommodation will provide you with a tv , satellite channels , a dvd player and a radio .
saxon garden is 600 metres from agcity świętokrzyska , while holy cross church is 600 metres from the property .
it takes 30 minutes by car to reach tainan high speed railway station .
the private bathroom includes a hairdryer .
if you enjoy golf , the montgenèvre golf course is a 5 - minute walk away .
set on the slopes of a hill , hotel lake view offers suites that overlook the valley .
the private yard and the terrace offer you the opportunity to relax and socialize , while complimentary coffee and tea are offered .
the hôtel dar zakaria provides free private parking and it has a 24 - hour reception .
just 200 metres from caraíva beach , mangue sereno is surrounded by tropical gardens and offers free wi - fi .
public transportation links are less than a 10 - minute walk away .
los arqueros golf resort also includes a terrace . guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant .
the property offers free parking .
all have views of the mountains or the güeña river , which runs beside the hotel .
the palau de la música catalana is a short walk away and the charming born district is within 1 km of the hotel .
free wi - fi access is provided and it has a private bathroom with a shower and toilet .
ching xiu temple is a 7 - minute drive away while hualien ocean park is a 20 - minute drive away .
upon request , an experienced masseuse can give guests a relaxing massage in their villa .
breakfast is available in the morning in the reef al lebnani café .
chalet du chene is located just 2 km from the centre of morzine and a just a few minutes ’ walk from the free shuttle service into town .
all guest rooms at hotel montemar feature a tv and a private bathroom .
for leisure , enjoy a range of 5 - star amenities including a well - equipped fitness centre , steam room and sauna facilities .
conveniently located in the city ' s business district , a short distance from the i - 95 motorway , this all - suite hotel features many comforts of home including full kitchens and free wireless internet access .
it is 1 . 5 km to bekupė village , where the nearest shop is located .
you will find luggage storage space at the property .
the elegant rooms feature décor comprising of white and natural colours .
sauna facility is also available on site .
guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant . free private parking is available on site .
at positive apartments you will find a shared kitchen and shared bathroom facilities .
the rooms feature air conditioning , a tv and a fridge .
borough market is a 10 - minute walk from the door .
units offer views of the garden and mountains . some units have sea view as well .
there is a children ’ s playground with a slide , and large lawns to run around on .
the nearest airport is florence airport , 5 km from the property .
massages are on request .
they are air conditioned and feature a seating area . there is also a dining area and a kitchen equipped with a dishwasher . an oven and toaster are also featured , as well as a coffee machine .
there is a business centre , a kids ' club and gift shop at the property .
the rooms in the ambra are painted in warm colours and have a tv with satellite channels , a fridge and a private bathroom with a shower and a hairdryer .
the adjacent complex features sea - water swimming pools .
it features a restaurant and bar , an outdoor pool , and free wi - fi .
there is also a floral garden and a children ’ s playground .
the heated rooms are spacious and bright and include a tv and views of the surrounding countryside .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out sugar loaf ( 2 . 5 km ) and dorival caymmi statue ( 2 . 8 km ).
offering free wifi , free parking and an attractive garden , schwalbennest is located in herzogenaurach .
the nearest airport is brac airport , 17 km from apartments špiro .
set 3 . 7 km from las salinas beach and 5 km from los marineros beach , chile aparts cochoa offers accommodation in viña del mar .
featuring a garden with an outdoor pool , island view is a villa set in jolly harbour .
the penthouse features a fully equipped kitchen .
this hotel is located directly on the beach promenade in the black sea coastal resort of adler .
nana beach offers spa facilities with a sauna , a turkish bath and massage services .
only 250 metres away , paral • lel metro station offers direct links to plaça catalunya and montjuïc hill .
featuring a private entrance , this standalone homestay comes with air conditioning , a wardrobe , dining table and a living room with sofa and tv .
warsaw ’ s city centre is 11 km away and it can be easily reached by public transport .
podgorica airport is 75 km away , while tivat airport is located 87 km from the property .
you can enjoy lake view from the room .
a laundrette is on site at the cartersville americas best value inn . guests will be able to enjoy a light snack or a refreshing drink from the on - site vending machines .
the bathroom includes bathrobes , slippers and a hairdryer .
holiday home bjerregårdsvej ix is located in bjerregård and it can accommodate up to eight guests .
the bar serves drinks and snacks .
some open to a private terrace featuring an outdoor hot tub .
you can enjoy pool view and garden view from the room .
it has free wifi in public areas , a 24 - hour front desk , a gym , and an outdoor pool with cushioned loungers .
just a 2 - minute walk from cicada market and tammarind market , kanya house offers cozy accommodation with air conditioning and free wifi throughout .
free wi - fi throughout and free private parking are also available .
just a short walk from the beach , this hotel is located in the city of marmaris and provides guests with the ideal family getaway .
offering a seasonal outdoor pool , sierra sky lodge is located in graegle , california .
they offer a wardrobe , a desk and an en suite bathroom with hot and cold shower facilities .
free transfer from the airport can be arranged and wifi access is available throughout .
the six - bedroom accommodation is provided with satellite - tv , a terrace and a seating area .
there is a seating area , a dining area and a kitchen complete with an oven and a microwave .
the property is 5 km from malnichora tea garden and 54 km from jaflong .
all bedrooms have their own private en suite bathrooms , and all enjoy a view of the beautiful gardens .
free private parking is provided on site .
free public parking is available near the zum elefant from 17 : 00 .
guests can visit the eden project , which is a short journey from the nearby rail station .
the air - conditioned apartment features a fully equipped kitchen and indoor / outdoor dining areas .
for your comfort bed linen and towels are provided .
the centre of playa del inglés and meloneras , where there is a selection of shops , bars and restaurants , is a 5 minutes taxi ride from the complex .
rooms are spacious and fitted with a flat - screen tv , ample living space and spa bathtub .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out beurs van berlage ( 300 metres ) and anne frank house ( 600 metres ). schiphol airport is located 11 km away .
there is a bathroom with a bath or a shower .
airport pick - up can be arranged at a surcharge .
all units feature a dining area and a seating area with a flat - screen tv . there is also a kitchen , equipped with a dishwasher , oven and microwave . a fridge and stovetop are also provided , as well as a kettle .
private bathrooms also come with a shower .
offering a terrace and views of the city , bari vecchia dimora is located in a building from the early 20th - century in the historical centre of bari . this property is a 3 - minute walk from bari cathedral .
bed linen and towels are provided on request .
the bright , pet - friendly accommodation includes a seating area with a sofa and a tv . most units open onto a furnished balcony or terrace with north sea views .
meiji ryokan is a 15 - minute drive from lake chiyoda and takeda shrine .
jasionka airport is 7 km away from hostel wiarus and the main train station is 1 km away .
the luxurious villa oasis in jimbaran boasts a private pool , free wi - fi and full kitchen facilities .
the nearest airport is lisbon humberto delgado airport , 13 km from villa magnolia .
tigh na cloich hotel is an elegant victorian house with gardens , en suite rooms and free wi - fi . pitlochry town centre is just 2 minutes ’ walk away .
the property offers free parking .
this pet - friendly hotel is 25 km from maceió city centre , and 40 km from zumbi dos palmares international airport .
the pine garden is a 15 - minute walk away .
in winter , skiing is popular in the area .
the an nada cocktail lounge offers live entertainment and a wide variety of drinks .
free parking is available on site and the nearest bus stop is 300 metres away , in dobrita village .
tukama hostel offers budget accommodation in manizales , just a 3 minutes ’ walk away from the ‘ zona rosa ’ and only 1 block away from santander avenue .
located just 2 km from hua hin beach , wongsuwan pool villa 1 offers a private outdoor pool .
ferienwohnung christine can provide a free bus transfer until 21 : 00 from the berchtesgaden ( 2 km ) or bischofswiesen ( 3 km ) railway stations .
a free public bus stopping right in front of the hotel connects it with the paganella ski resort .
vashdom apartment on moskovskaya will provide you with a flat - screen tv , cable channels and a balcony .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including horse riding , hiking and snorkelling .
certain rooms open to a balcony or terrace .
hotel max inn can be conveniently reached by car , as it is close to the d2 motorway .
behind a traditional bavarian - style exterior , the breitenberger - hof offers rooms with a satellite tv , balcony and free wi - fi .
on - site parking is free , and triberg train station is 6 . 5 km away .
there is a fairy tale themed park next to przystanek bavaria and guests have free access to it .
some have a large balcony .
located along bentota river , just 350 metres away from moragalla beach with free shuttle services to the beach , this small property features well - appointed rooms and free wi - fi access at all areas .
enjoying a quiet location , penzion u konicka is set 300 metres from the prostějov ’ s centre .
the private bathrooms include a bath , a shower , a hairdryer and free toiletries .
guests at pampa plaza hotel can make use of the well - equipped gym and finish sauna .
hotel sweet home provides accommodation just 100 metres from termini train station .
designed for adults only , hotel sulata shibuya dougenzaka is a love hotel located in shibuya .
free private parking is available on site .
the property offers luggage storage as well as free parking .
all rooms include cable tv , a desk , and a bathroom with hairdryer .
some have a balcony with city views .
staff at river gardens can also arrange for airport transfers and shuttle services at an additional fee .
several bicycle paths and hiking paths are around the hotel .
staff at the 24 - hour reception can attend to guests ’ requests .
the private bathroom comes with a bath or shower .
beautiful , spacious and elegant , this villa is located in the middle of a luxuriant garden , only ten minutes from the city centre .
each air - conditioned room provides you with a flat - screen tv with cable channels , a fridge and a minibar .
free bicycles are available at reception and the garden includes a children ' s playground .
free private parking is available on site .
offering a restaurant , hotel patriotismo is located in mexico city just 2 blocks away from patriotismo metro station . free wifi access and a spacious terrace are available .
some rooms have windows .
jurmala city museum and former e . rācene ' s swimming centre are 3 . 6 km from pine tree cottage , while many stores and restaurants are located only 500 metres away .
this holiday home is 76 km from billund airport .
the pension villa berolina in marianske lazne enjoys a quiet location on the edge of the woods .
brasília city centre is a 10 - minute drive from the hotel , and presidente juscelino kubitschek international airport can be reached within a 15 - minute drive .
other facilities offered include a tour desk .
the property offers free parking .
landhaus ferk in unterburg is just a 2 - minute walk from lake klopein , where guests can use the public beach free of charge .
free wi - fi access is provided throughout the property .
rooms for disabled guests are available .
value hotel nice is surrounded by local shopping and dining delights .
located 4 km from the brünig pass , hotel bären offers a sun terrace with views of the engelhörner mountains , a restaurant , a climbing wall , and a petting zoo .
the en suite bathroom comes with a hairdryer , and japanese yukata robes are provided for all guests .
the nearest airport is anapa airport , 6 km from guest house belaya liliya .
they all come with a dining / living area with kitchen and a flat - screen tv .
boasting two spacious shaded terraces , the bedrooms which are located on the second floor features air conditioning and fans and are accessible by an external staircase .
high ceilings in this traditional stone - built house give rooms a light , spacious feel .
guests can plan local day trips at the tour desk or enjoy a book in the hotel ’ s library .
after breakfast , you can also plan their excursions or airport shuttles .
the hotel also provides a business centre , tour desk and car rentals .
the rooms at barry memle offer views to the resort ’ s park and some even feature lake views .
free private parking is available on site .
tastefully decorated , the chic guestrooms feature modern interiors and warm lighting . each well - appointed unit is fitted with a tv with satellite channels , refrigerator and an en suite bathroom with a shower and free toiletries .
offering mountain and ocean views , conjunto turístico rural los gavilanes is 10 km from tenerife ’ s abona beach .
the private bathroom comes with a hairdryer and amenities and there is a well - equipped kitchenette .
a flat - screen tv is available .
the nearest restaurant is 2 km away and it ’ s only 15km to annila golf club .
the rooms include a private bathroom fitted with a shower .
guests can prepare meals in the kitchen , which includes an oven and ceramic hob .
they also feature a bathroom with a shower , free toiletries and a hairdryer .
wifi is free throughout .
varna airport is 52 km from the property .
a restaurant can be reached within a 3 - minute walk and several bars are 500 metres away .
other facilities offered at the property include a children ' s playground .
featuring a garden with swimming pool and children ’ s playground , apartamento princicasim is located in benicassim , 300 metres from the sandy beach .
free wi - fi is available throughout .
the patio is fitted with a table and chairs . here , guests can have their meals in warm days .
set in tbilisi city , this air - conditioned apartment features free wifi .
larger rooms are equipped with a seating area and a safety deposit box .
nearby attractions include lenin mausoleum , and the red square which are both 2 km from city inn taganka .
free wifi access is available throughout the property .
a flat - screen tv and dvd player , as well as a smartphone docking station are provided .
the brightly decorated rooms at new memnon include a refrigerator and a tv . it has a private bathroom with a shower .
the nearest airport is malaga airport , 22 km from the property .
awaking every morning with a superb view of the sea is what many people dream of .
located in a charming alsatian village , hotel le coquelicot offers a warm and friendly welcome between mulhouse and belfort .
it offers non - smoking accommodation and free on - site parking .
all rooms include a tv with satellite channels . certain units have a seating area to relax in after a busy day . you will find a kettle in the room .
only 200 metres from the popular bačvice beach , gim apartment is a self - catering accommodation with air conditioning and free wifi access .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out rialto bridge ( 700 metres ) and grand canal ( 900 metres ). venice marco polo airport is located 8 km away .
xi ' an railway station is 17 minutes ' drive away while xianyang international airport can be reached in 45 minutes ' taxi ride .
the village centre is a 5 - minute walk away , and cross - country ski runs are 100 metres away .
all soundproofed rooms at the landart hotel beim brauer come equipped with satellite tv and a private bathroom with shower and hairdryer .
abbesses metro station is 650 metres away and gives direct access to the saint - lazare train station and place de la concorde .
within 10 km , you can visit the beach of psakoudia , while the seaside village of nikiti is at 8 km .
all apartments are air conditioned and have en suite bathrooms . each apartment includes a fully equipped kitchen with a microwave and refrigerator .
the three - bedroom apartment is provided with 1 satellite - tv , hi - fi system / cd / dvd player and free wireless internet . the kitchen is equipped with a refrigerator , coffee brewer , cooker hood , 85 l deep freeze , microwave , dishwasher , vacuum cleaner , and electric cooker .
free wi - fi access can be enjoyed throughout the hotel .
phu quoc international airport is accessible within a 28 km drive .
cattolica can be reached in 30 minutes by car .
the atmosphere of hotel benaco is warm and welcoming .
guests can enjoy traditional dishes at golden dragon chinese restaurant and navratna indian restaurant .
they include a private bathroom and flat - screen tv .
the hotel also features a 24 - hour front desk .
a cable tv is featured in each room at super 8 mount vernon .
it also has a kitchenette with fridge and a private bathroom with hot shower facilities .
in the afternoon , the restaurant offers pastries and mexican coffees .
the property is 12 minutes ’ drive from gulfarium marine adventure park .
the modern kitchen includes a dishwasher and a microwave .
each room here will provide you with free toiletries , tea / coffee making facilities , bottled water , a hairdryer , and a tv with dvd player .
set in the umbrian countryside , castello izzalini todi resort offers rustic - style apartments .
each room here will provide you with a flat - screen tv , air conditioning and a minibar . there is also a dining table .
in the vicinity of the fortuna there are 4 unspoilt pebble beaches .
the fitness centre of the hotel provides 5 types of fitness devices and it offers games and special children - friendly equipment .
ask at reception for ticket and transfer arrangements .
dwijaya house of pakubuwono also includes a sauna and fitness centre .
laundry facilities and vending machines are available for added convenience .
the picturesque town of cadaquès and dalì museum are 17 . 5 km away .
limassol is 43 km from thalou stone house , while coral bay is 24 km away .
offering views of gulf of siam , it features a black - tiled outdoor pool and massage services .
the adjoining sun - set bar serves a variety of locally - inspired cocktails .
some units also include a kitchenette with cooking rings , where guests can prepare a quick meal .
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings , including skiing and snorkeling .
there is a shop 100 metres away .
sabine villa offers free parking .
wifi and parking are both free at the property .
some restaurants can be found 15 km away .
sant antoni metro station is 200 metres from the apartments and offers connection to passeig de gracia and the sagrada familia .
it offers a finnish sauna , steam baths and massage treatments .
this camping is 37 km from reus airport .
a bus stop can be found just 25 metres from apartamentos piscis .
you can enjoy your breakfast at the time of your choice during the day .
at williston microtel inn & suites by wyndham you will find a 24 - hour front desk , a garden and barbecue facilities .
free wifi is available at this property .
the mayorca offers a 24 - hour reception service that can arrange car rentals .
free wifi access is available .
the complex offers a beach restaurant and a diving centre , located just a minute walk from the villa .
the property is a 5 - minute walk from kuta central park and a 15 - minute drive from ngurah rai international airport .
rooms at hotel zoe by amano group feature a remarkable design with untreated concrete , dark contrasts and warm lighting .
lunch and dinner are served at the sunny bar alba , which boasts floor - to - ceiling windows .
guests can cook in the on - site shared kitchen .
at mini hotel dudkino you will find a 24 - hour front desk , barbecue facilities and a bar .
a shuttle service to the airport is available upon request and at an extra cost .
situated on the edge of oirschot , b & b carpe diem offers spacious rooms , each with a private entrance and a terrace .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a bath .
various shops and restaurants can be reached within a 1 - minute walk .
hotel manja offers laundry services , city transfers and car rental services at an added cost .
the whitewashed rooms have a balcony with countryside view . they each have a fridge , tv and a safe .
the hotel offers a daily continental breakfast , an indoor swimming pool and free wi - fi .
kamari ’ s shops and restaurants are within easy walking distance .
furthermore , each room includes a balcony and wi - fi internet access .
the alaska zoo and kincaid park are 15 minutes ' drive away from the hotel .
towels , slippers and linen are provided .
the property features a restaurant that serves local cuisine , a bar and a garden with children ’ s playground .
all accommodation features a sofa , dining area and tea / coffee making facilities .
the parterre is separated into a breakfast room and a sitting room , where you can relax in comfortable chairs , play a board game or even play the piano .
en suite bathrooms come with shower facilities .
in the summer months , guests can dine on the terrace .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a bath or shower and a hairdryer .
makarska is 31 km from apartment beritić , while hvar is 19 km away .
some rooms have a seating area for your convenience .
guests are welcome to use the computer with free wi - fi in the on - site business center .
the bright rooms come with a tv and a table with chairs each .
it has 3 tennis courts , a gym , and a restaurant .
at a surcharge guests can have breakfast at meriton old town garden cafe which is located next door .
each room is equipped with a flat - screen tv with cable channels . certain units feature a seating area for your convenience . a balcony or patio are featured in certain rooms .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling .
the classic - style rooms come with a tv , a work desk , and an en suite bathroom featuring a shower .
en suite bathrooms are equipped with a shower .
the staff at the tour desk can assist with making travel arrangements .
the accommodation at apartment hohe tauern features a fully equipped kitchenette , including a dishwasher , and a tv with cable channels .
free wi - fi access is provided in most of the property .
set right on the seafront in ostia , a 30 - minute train ride from rome ' s historic centre , hotel la scaletta offers rooms with air conditioning , wi - fi access , and a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
a limousine is available for airport pick - ups and other destinations .
centrally located in the historic town of oberammergau , these country - style apartments are just 20 metres from the famous passion play theatre .
le domaine de villepey is set in foret communale des arcs a 4 - hectares parkland , 3 km from the beach of st aygulf .
bari is a 30 - minute drive away .
complete with kitchenware , the dining area also has an electric kettle and a dining table .
free private parking is available on site .
this apartment features 2 balconies , air conditioning and a seating area . there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave . featuring a bath , the private bathroom has a hairdryer .
the property is 190 metres from royal palace amsterdam and 650 metres from anne frank house .
the nearest airport is heydar aliyev international airport , 23 km from nuri pasha relax .
the homelike apartment is decorated with modern interiors and includes a flat - screen tv in the living room and a fully equipped kitchen .
all units at dina ’ s rooms feature tiled flooring and warm , earthy tones . each includes a tv and a kitchenette with cooking hobs and fridge .
guests can relax by the pool or on the terrace .
offering elegantly decorated accommodation , the traditionally built elka is a few metres from the centre of palaios agios athanasios village .
piedra blanca is a modern and elegant villa in sayulita , an unspoilt location with beautiful beaches .
rooms include tvs and tea / coffee - making facilities .
the healthy ukrainian and european specialities served in the maison blanche organic café are prepared using local and organic products .
tenerife sur airport is a 15 - minute drive away .
breakfast is served in the elegantly furnished dining area which features a wall - mounted flat - screen tv .
you can arrange swimming with dolphins 5 km away .
all rooms are equipped with bunk beds , personal lockers , bedside table , heating and a shared bathroom .
it offers clean and comfortable rooms with free wi - fi .
in addition , the hotel arranges film shows and other activities for children .
other facilities include electric heating and underfloor heating in the bathroom .
the property offers free parking .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
the almirante enjoys a privileged location along this beautiful harbour so you can gaze at views form the dining room over the water and the green hills beyond .
the nearest airport is heraklion international airport , 32 km from scorpios - apts .
it offers free wi - fi , a garden with a terrace and a swimming pool .
the en suite bathroom has a bath , free toiletries and a hairdryer .
a bread and pastry delivery service allows you to order your breakfast the night before , this is to be collected from reception .
bogense beach is 19 km from tværskov mølle b & b .
muthi maya forest pool villa resort ’ s lap pool offers a refreshing swim , while maya spa offers a full range of treatments .
air conditioning is available , as well as cable tv , a dvd player and a washing machine .
the st . jakob ski area is a 5 - minute drive away , and 50 metres away is the free ski bus stop with connections to the cable car valley station .
dwór boratyn is within the premises of a 1724 renovated palace and park .
surrounded by olive groves , it offers a large garden with swimming pool .
restaurants are available in 1 km , shops are as close as 400m .
there is also a sauna available on site , which can be used free of charge 2 times per week .
business travellers will appreciate the quick connections to the berchtesgaden congress centre .
guests can play chess , enjoy a foot massage or appreciate tea within the hotel .
the resort has a private beach area and water sports facilities .
an lcd tv and an en suite bathroom are included in each air - conditioned room at tendo hotel route - inn .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling .
the property includes a garden , a hot tub and bbq facilities , as well as , free parking and free wifi .
household appliances , kitchenware and cutlery . private bathroom also comes with a shower .
all rooms feature a flat - screen tv with satellite channels , a wardrobe and a desk .
landhaus aschaber is located just 2 minutes by car from a cable car station of the westendorf ski area , and 1500 metres from the centre of westendorf .
kortrijk is a 24 - minute drive .
mccarran international airport is 10 minutes ’ drive from the days inn las vegas . hoover dam is less than an hours ’ drive away .
wi - fi is available at the golf bar adriatic .
the property offers free parking .
ironing facilities can be provided .
upstairs there is a bedroom with views of the pacific ocean .
just a 5 - minute walk from saint peter ’ s square and the vatican museums , marco a san pietro offers free wi - fi .
there is an on - site restaurant for dining .
national stadium is located a 40 - minute drive away .
there is a private bathroom with a shower in every unit .
alex & george hotel is situated next to the popular sigma commercial center .
the hotel provides free breakfast .
located in banjarmasin , hotel sampaga offers complimentary parking , and is a 10 - minute drive from banjarmasin ' s city centre .
all units come with a furnished balcony or terrace .
vilnius airport can be reached 35 minutes by car and the airport shuttle can be requested at a surcharge .
souda port is 12 km away , while chania international airport is at a distance of 8 km .
the holiday home comes with air conditioning and free wifi .
the caldera de taburiente national park is within a half - hour drive .
set in a newly refurbished historical mountain house , wesley offers design rooms with renovated vintage pieces only 3 blocks from downtown san martin .
rooms enjoy plenty of natural light and some boast views over the adjacent plaza which has pretty gardens in the centre .
hailar railway station is located a 15 - minute drive away .
katerini town is 8 km away and the popular winter destination of elatochori village is 37 km away .
self - catered , all units comprise a fridge and a seating area with a sofa and a flat - screen cable tv .
a flat - screen tv , blu - ray player and dvd player , as well as a computer and a cd player are offered .
set on rincón de guayabitos beach , this colonial - style complex offers a large outdoor pool , sun terraces and tropical gardens .
the tour desk can offer tips for getting around the area .
apartment kurortnyy bulvar 12 is located in kislovodsk , 32 km from pyatigorsk .
the lobby offers free coffee in the late afternoon , and there are drink vending machines on site .
the kitchen includes an oven , a stove and a dishwasher .
saryarka velodrome is 1 km from apartments expo boulevard 97 .
located in san vito lo capo , this apartment features a balcony with sea views . the unit is 37 km from trapani .
artus court culture centre is within 160 metres , and toruń miasto railway station is within 900 metres .
the homestay is situated 4 km from saigon train station and 2 km from the diamond plaza - department store .
the property can accommodate up to four persons .
at hotel river , you will find a 24 - hour front desk .
it offers comfortable rooms with a seating area and the convenience of laundry and luggage storage services .
set 200 metres from museum of the sea in cascais , this apartment features a balcony with sea views and is in front of the cascais bay .
guests may work out at the well - equipped fitness centre or enjoy treatments at the beauty salon .
the comfortable air - conditioned studio is decorated in warm tones and features a flat - screen tv and washing machine .
some rooms have a balcony .
it departs from the hotel every 15 minutes .
it is a 2 - hour drive from jr asahikawa train station and provides free parking .
residence delle oche is 600 metres from piazza maggiore square .
adria hotel is family - run , with friendly staff .
garretstown is 20 minutes ’ drive from the old bank town house .
it is equipped with free wi - fi and has a contemporary décor .
the hotel also has a restaurant , which serves traditional cuisine typical of the alsace region .
mazzarò sea palace hotel ' s wellness centre provides a wide range of massages and spa treatments and has turkish baths .
the hotel is close to pazo trade and exhibition centre and the ángel carro stadium , and it is situated on the n - 540 .
these family - run apartments are located in lübben , in the heart of the spreewald forest .
free housekeeping is provided every week .
alternatively guest can visit the restaurants by the beach serving fish and seafood specialties .
restored from a building dating back to the 1950s , cilicia hotel is complete with a bar and a seating area in the garden .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
each is air - conditioned and simply furnished .
breakfast includes home - made wheaten bread , and there is free parking .
air - conditioned rooms include a satellite tv and a balcony .
the ice palace is 12 minutes ’ drive away , and cherepovets airport is 30 minutes by car from the hotel .
the restaurant opens on reservation and proposes homemade pasta and meat dishes from sheep raised on site .
with a terrace , bella trapani offers rooms with classic décor in trapani , 200 metres from the historical centre . free wi - fi access is available in all areas .
some have a washing machine .
oxford suites boise is 7 . 5 km from boise airport and 10 . 5 km from boise state university .
the banaras bus station is 1 km away , varanasi railway station is 3 km while the lal bahadur shastri international airport is 30 km away .
the property is located a 15 - minute walk from patio bellavista , where guests will find an array of restaurants . santa lucía hill is also a 15 - minute walk away .
hotel fiorenza offers free parking and free bike rental right in central campitello di fassa , surrounded by the dolomites .
the terrace offering panoramic views is open in summer .
offering a cosy ambiance and a rustic - style décor , apartments at cinco cerros feature fully equipped kitchen facilities , dining areas and living rooms with flat - screen tvs . each apartment also includes 2 bathrooms , one of them with a relaxing spa bath .
apartament gościnny dom is a self - catering accommodation located in warsaw ’ s wilanów district , 1 , 2 km from wilanów palace .
after a drink in the bar , you can also sample indian cuisine in the on - site bombay brasserie .
the guest house also offers free use of bicycles .
the en suite bathroom has a bath tub and free toiletries .
other facilities offered at the property include a children ' s playground , shops ( on site ) and an ironing service .
situated just a 20 - 30 minute journey from karlsruhe , mannheim , heidelberg and speyer , this newly renovated hotel awaits you with modern bedrooms and a fine restaurant .
main sights such as the 16th - century dormition church and lviv theatre of opera ballet are a 15 - minute walk away .
apartamentos turísticos la castilleja are located in el brillante residential area , 8 minutes ' drive from the centre of córdoba .
guests can enjoy the on - site bar . free private parking is available on site .
free wi - fi is available .
the hotel also has a large swimming pool and sun loungers surrounding it . there is also a bar area , where guests can enjoy a refreshing cocktail .
a microwave and a toaster can be found in the kitchen and there is a private bathroom .
from beutelsbach s - bahn ( city rail ) station , just 3 km from the hotel , guests can reach stuttgart central station in 20 minutes .
paris - orly airport is 11 km away .
the rooms are cooled with air - condition .
in addition , they also feature a comfortable living area with a sofa , a washing machine and a bathroom with a bathtub or shower and a hairdryer .
the restaurant , kept in relaxing warm colours , seats up to 150 people and the bar has a capacity of 30 people .
the nearest airport is budapest liszt ferenc airport , 17 km from the property .
the kitchenette comes with a microwave and a refrigerator .
wifi and parking free . a sauna and terrace are found on site .
every room is equipped with a private bathroom equipped with a bath or shower and bidet .
some rooms have skylights .
lennart meri tallinn airport is located 4 . 8 km away .
some rooms have air conditioning and cable tv .
arena civica is 4 . 1 km from testi 54 , while milan fashion district is 4 . 3 km from the property .
cable tv is a standard room facility at apartment kaķu māja . each room has a spacious living area , with a sofa and dining table . the bathrooms are large and have a walk - in shower .
hotel offers a free kids club for children above 3 years .
complimentary hot breakfast is served every morning .
rhodes town is 17 km away .
the hotel offers an à la carte restaurant and air - conditioned rooms . free wifi and a 24 - hour front desk is available at the property .
barbeque facilities are also available .
it also has a tranquil garden terrace .
owned by the florentine fashion label ferragamo , the continentale is themed to recall italy ' s 1950s , yet reinterpreted in a glittering , modern style throughout the common areas and the rooms .
the attached bathrooms come with free toiletries and a shower .
at wczasy od maluszka do staruszka you will find a garden with barbecuing facilities and a shared kitchen .
just a few metres away from marina beach and the vilamoura marina , this 4 - star hotel offers rooms with satellite tv . facilities include an outdoor pool , a health club , and a tennis court .
the centrally located hotel is just 900 metres from cologne cathedral .
millennium park and navy pier are within 3 km from this hotel . beach access at lake michigan can be reached in 15 minutes ’ walk .
the holiday home fjand strand ulfborg ix is located in thorsminde , at 89 km from the billund airport .
hotel villa rita chiclayo is 4 km from real plaza mall and from quiñones gonzales airport .
shanghai tongmao hotel stands at 36 storeys , making it one of the landmarks in lujiazui financial district in pudong new area .
the surrounding area of chalosse offers many sightseeing acitivities and long walks .
mountain views can be enjoyed on the terrace or in the garden .
just 5 minutes ’ drive from central alice springs , alice on todd apartments offer self - catering accommodation with flat - screen tvs and free wi - fi internet .
free wifi is available throughout .
restaurants , shops and grocery stores can be found nearby .
take advantage of hotel setar ' s free private parking .
all the non - smoking rooms feature a tv and a fridge .
mojácar town centre is less than 2 km away from the hotel .
room service is provided .
towels and bed linen are featured in this apartment .
it has an outdoor pool with a sun terrace and lounge chairs .
free private parking is provided on site and the a4 motorway is just a 10 - minute drive away .
maison d ' hôtes dar farhana is located 4 km from ouarzazate .
zeespiegel b & b is only a 15 - minute walk from zandvoort aan zee railway station .
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
it is a 3 - minute walk from eugene - delacroix museum .
a restaurant , bar and a grocery shop are 300 metres away .
some rooms have private balconies and offer views of the city .
offering a restaurant , five star tower is located in birgi vecchi . free wifi access is available in this holiday home . the accommodation will provide you with a balcony and a terrace .
the vesiroos offers bicycle rental and laundry services .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
landhaus bonaventura is surrounded by a well - maintained garden with a sunbathing terrace .
kerry blu b & b is also surrounded by a variety of restaurants and car parks .
all units have a flat - screen tv . an oven and kettle are also offered .
the very large holiday home comprises a well - equipped kitchen , shared bathrooms and a common room with a flat - screen tv with cable channels .
several train stations such as kurskkiy , paveleckiy or leningradskiy are within 10 minutes ’ drive away .
extras include a washing machine and a tumble dryer .
in gravataí city centre , this hotel is 200 metres from the local bus station .
the air - conditioned apartments can accommodate 2 or 6 persons and all feature bathrooms with shower or bath .
hostal las cortes is just 400 metres from puerta del sol , and 250 metres from sevilla metro station .
there is a restaurant and bar .
the hotel offers 34 cosy rooms , a bar and sauna and a big lawn .
formigal ski resort is about 1 hours drive away and candanchú is 96 km away .
the bar and winter garden in the comfort hotel paris la fayette has a pleasant seating area and a billiards table .
nan chong yu pin xiao ju features air conditioning .
each air - conditioned room is equipped with a cable tv , personal safe and coffee / tea maker .
lavagna and cavi train stations are 1 . 5 km away , for services to genoa and monterosso al mare in the beautiful cinque terre region .
north fremont holiday inn express & suites has a 24 - hour front desk .
a flat - screen tv is provided .
the free ski bus stops 300 metres from this farm stay .
sneek and leeuwarden can be reached within 25 minutes by car , while franeker is a 12 - minute car drive .
there is also a kitchen , fitted with a microwave and fridge . a stovetop and kettle are also featured .
posada mawimbi has a traditional mexican design and rustic wooden furniture .
it is located 7 km from the nearest beach and 8 km from the old town of rovinj .
a japanese dinner menu is also served .
cookware and dishware are provided and free wi - fi is included .
the kitchenette comes with a refrigerator and coffee machine .
featuring free wifi , apart - hotel camelot offers accommodation in pskov , 4 km from the trinity cathedral .
backyard youth hostel is within a 10 - minute walk of xiamen railway station .
all restaurants offer private dining rooms at a charge .
hotel restaurant du cheval blanc is located in minot in the côte d ’ or department in the heart of burgundy , a 1 - hour drive from dijon .
guests purchasing food from the market can make use of the dining tables made from sewing machines .
the hotel is situated just 800 metres from the katowice railway station .
the city ' s nisantasi shopping mall and istanbul fashion academy are just a few steps from park hyatt istanbul .
dolphin discovery isla mujeres is 2 . 5 km from isla caracol , while national park el garrafón is 6 km away .
accommodations at residence fraser are fully serviced and buffet breakfast is also available .
there is a fully - equipped kitchen with kitchen appliances and kitchenware .
there is a common kitchen at guests ' disposal .
there is a full a kitchenette with a dishwasher and a microwave .
located in moraira , two - bedroom villa near the beach in moraira offers an outdoor pool .
guests can also grab starbucks coffee to ensure a strong start to the day .
free private parking is possible and free wi - fi is available at this modern hotel .
north apartment is an apartment located in amsterdam , 2 km from beurs van berlage .
the property offers free parking .
hostal kala features 2 supermarkets nearby .
individual and unique décor is provided in each room at hotel kullaberg , as well as antique furniture , exposed beams and persian carpets .
private bathroom also comes with a shower .
featuring an outdoor pool , suites miraflores offers self - catering apartments in lima .
cottages are equipped with full kitchens .
guests receive discounts on car rental and on courses and activities organized on site .
the accommodations at the peaks are equipped with cable tv and free wi - fi . they are furnished with large picture windows and glass - enclosed showers . an in - room safe and is also provided .
the apartment features a flat - screen tv with satellite channels , a kitchenette with a dishwasher and free wi - fi .
free wifi is available in the public areas .
cala anguila beach is 3 km from the property .
zoom flume water park and irish american heritage museum are within a 22 - minute drive of this bed and breakfast . mountain top arboretum is 19 miles away .
a flat - screen tv with satellite channels , as well as an ipod docking station are available .
the rooms have a flat - screen tv .
this 6 - bedroom chalet will provide you with a flat - screen tv , a spacious seating area and a terrace .
laundry facilities and a bicycle storage room are available . free private parking is available on site .
the guests can enjoy breakfast every morning and dine in an on - site restaurant serving czech cuisine .
the fresh and bright rooms are to a large extent equipped with a shower and toilet .
each room offers air conditioning .
the eden has a terrace with a seating area .
set 200 metres from tbilisi opera and ballet theatre in tbilisi city , daviti tbilisi features free wifi access and free private parking .
rooms are spacious and classically decorated .
in winter , guests can get to the ski bus station within 130 metres .
you will find a tour desk at the property .
this apartment is fitted with a flat - screen cable tv , a fully - equipped kitchen , complete with a microwave and an oven , dining area and air conditioning .
all units include a kitchen fitted with a dishwasher and oven . a microwave and toaster are also featured , as well as a coffee machine .
the bright rooms in hostal tante puppe feature private bathrooms and tvs .
there is a shared kitchen at the property .
the nearest restaurant is 1 km away and the nearest supermarket is 3 km away .
the palanga airport is 18 km away , and the city of klaipeda is within 8 km .
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower .
a shuttle service is available for an extra cost .
pensjonat perła polanicy is located in polanica zdrój , among a green , picturesque zdrojowy park and offers warmly decorated rooms with free wi - fi .
the modern hotel offers free parking , a 24 - hour front desk and a stylish cafe bar .
set upon the highest point in the cotswolds , this elegant 5 - star guest house features spacious , individually decorated rooms with plasma tvs .
rooms are decorated in simple and rustic style .
daan ' s place has spacious rooms , decorated with traditional wooden furniture and tiled floors .
every morning a breakfast buffet is served and guests have free wi - fi internet access .
horseback riding , hunting and farm wagon riding facilities are all within 2 km .
the property offers free parking .
hotel esperanza is located in mazatlán .
this hotel features a wellness centre including an indoor pool , gym and sauna on the 14th - floor .
oceanside harbor is 6 . 7 miles from the hotel and camp pendleton marine corps base is 10 minutes away .
there are two bathrooms with a bath tub or a shower .
it provides an ideal base for exploring the picturesque bavarian countryside .
ankara has a bar and a canteen serving georgian cuisine .
there is a spacious bright living room with 1 or 2 sofa beds and a flat - screen tv . the well - equipped kitchen includes an oven , kettle and coffee machine .
the property has a garden and seating area with views over the fields , and there are many walks from the farmhouse .
guests can request a homemade meal on site .
the loipersdorf thermal is 17 km or a 20 - minute drive away .
guests may also make use of the amenities in the common kitchen .
the hotel is a 25 - minute drive from hualien airport .
the oakbrook shopping center is 12 minutes ’ drive from the hotel .
this comfortable holiday home includes kitchen facilities , air conditioning and a seating area with a flat - screen cable tv . it also has two bedrooms and a complete bathroom .
de boegschroef offers an attractive base in the port town of delfzijl , not far from the charming centre and the beach .
at oceanic avenida del mar guests will find barbecue facilities .
the metro station ( line 2 ) is only 5 minutes ' walk distance away .
afonso pena international airport is situated 14 km away . curitiba city centre is located 30 km from hotel paraná golf .
paris - orly airport is 13 km from the property .
offering an ideal setting for bird watching , centro ornitológico el primillar features its own bird nesting house .
guests can also store their luggage at the reception desk for their convenience .
cologne bonn airport is 72 km away .
apartments at bauernhof auhof feature country - style décor and have a separate bedroom and living area . each one includes a flat - screen tv , balcony , and private bathroom . they have a well - equipped kitchenette with dining area .
set in a private and peaceful surroundings , each chalet features a balcony , seating and outdoor dining areas .
it offers apartments with terraces or loggias , a seasonal outdoor pool and free wi - fi access .
each apartment offers a spacious living room with a flat - screen tv , while the kitchenette includes a microwave , a stove and kitchenware .
split train and bus station , as well as the split ferry terminal are a 10 - minute walk from the split theatre apartment .
the daily breakfast is served buffet style .
each room at this guest house is air conditioned and has a flat - screen tv .
the beautiful gardens feature an outdoor swimming pool and rare grass tennis court .
complete with a microwave , the dining area also has a refrigerator . private bathrooms also come with a bath or shower .
with only a 3 - minute walk of the sandy beaches of gdańsk , the sunny apartament nadmorski features free wi - fi and bathroom and kitchen floor heating .
hotel mamatina has bright and spacious rooms with cable tv , minibars and private bathrooms .
private parking is possible on site .
each apartment has wooden floors and a living room with a sofa .
bodrum city centre is within 5 km .
strategically located in front of the beach , gran colonial riviera offers accommodation in piriápolis .
relax in its peaceful gardens or enjoy a stroll through the woods beside the property .
it offers en - suite guestrooms with tv and free wi - fi .
all rooms have a private bathroom .
the private bathroom comes with a shower , bidet and hairdryer .
it offers around - the - clock front desk and self - catering accommodation with sea or mountain views .
behind it the combined bedroom / living room offers a double bed and a pull - out seating area .
port elizabeth ’ s african sands guesthouse offers private entrance self - catering accommodation a 800 meter walk from humewood beach .
gura râului lake is located 21 km from the pensiunea rafael .
the themed rooms feature stylish wall murals , free wi - fi and in - room computers .
the property offers free parking .
coffee , tea and juice are also provided .
free private parking is available on site .
the suites offer a kitchenette .
an oven and a fridge can be found in the kitchenette and there is a private bathroom .
tang ngin homestay features houses built on stilts in pailĭn .
the hotel also offers a buffet breakfast .
an oven and a fridge can be found in the kitchen .
the private bathrooms also come with a shower .
restaurants , banks and shops are within a 5 - minute walk .
novosibirsk zoo is 1 . 7 km from apartments on krasny pr ., while novosibirsk opera and ballet theatre is 2 . 5 km away .
it also offers various egyptian beers and wines .
gym facilities and a barbecue area are a available .
air - conditioned rooms at bhandari swiss cottage are fitted with a desk , a cable tv , a seating area and a private balcony .
the chefs specialty is a mediterranean fondue .
some rooms also come with a small kitchen area and balcony .
uralskiy guest house is located in adler , 220 metres from black sea beach .
hispania hotel is 5 minutes ’ drive from palma de mallorca airport .
qemmat al rafaa is on prince saad bin abdulrahman al awal road in riyadh .
aeroparque jorge newbery airport is located 6 km away .
you can relax by the fireplace in the lobby bar or at the bar overlooking the swimming pool , accompanied by a wide selection of wines .
upon request and against surcharge a shuttle service can be arranged .
bolzano can be reached in 25 minutes by car , while the san martino ski slopes are 11 km away .
some apartments feature either a balcony or terrace .
all the rooms have balconies .
offering a variety of rooms , canberry stylishly decorated each air - conditioned room .
the fully equipped kitchen includes a refrigerator .
evening meals and drinks can be delivered by room service to the motel units .
the heated rooms at la maison des prouges offer a view of the vineyards and include a tv .
it takes 25 minutes to drive to irkutsk airport .
the private bathroom is outside the room .
the kitchen is equipped with a coffee machine , oven and microwave .
towels and linen can be requested at the reception for a fee .
on request , breakfast is available every morning . half board is available in cooperation with a partner hotel , 500 metres away .
located within 6 km of the hollywood walk of fame and the hollywood bowl , this los angeles motel offers rooms with free wi - fi .
the mar de cristal resort is also close to the harbor town of cartagena .
the puente vidosa ’ s restaurant serves typical asturian cuisine .
the accommodation features a dining area and seating area with a flat - screen tv . some units feature a terrace and / or patio .
a microwave and refrigerator are provided in each uniquely themed room at riverside inn . for added convenience , a telephone and private bathroom are also included .
all rooms have a private bathroom .
it offers accommodation 1 . 3 km from a beach , accessible through a pine forest .
guests can go to the food market every sunday .
it offers well - appointed guest rooms with cable tv , free wi - fi access throughout the hotel and free parking .
other facilities offered at the property include a children ' s playground .
there is ticket service at the property .
there is a 24 - hour front desk where guests can make arrangements for car rental , laundry services and currency exchange .
the miami seaquarium is 20 . 8 km away .
evening meals can be enjoyed in partner restaurants .
they are equipped with wi - fi , a modern media system and some offer views of the brandenburg gate .
spacious and air conditioned , rooms at the borgo conde include satellite flat - screen tv , a minibar , and an electric kettle .
an en - suite bathroom is provided in each room at gentian villa , along with a tv and garden views .
guests can enjoy drinks from the olde world bar at doriam guest house .
providing an endless variety of on - site activities , including a children ' s club and a full - service spa , this puerto plate all - inclusive resort offers on - site dining options and an unrivaled oceanfront location .
the hotel is a 30 - minute drive from suvarnabhumi airport and ramkhamhaeng university is a 20 - minute ride away .
studio apraksin offers pet - friendly accommodation in saint petersburg . saint isaac ' s cathedral is 1 . 4 km away .
featuring wooden furnishings , rooms have a minibar , fridge and work desk .
6 restaurant serves authentic cantonese and fujian dishes .
the embassy suites by hilton portland washington square offers guests an ideal location close to area attractions and corporate business offices .
other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage .
each has a private bathroom with a shower , a hairdryer and free toiletries .
it offers a 24 - hour reception desk .
guests can try greek specialities and seafood at the hotel ’ s restaurant just a 2 - minute walk from the property .
the buda castle , the hungarian national museum and the budapest history museum are located within 5 km .
it offers free wi - fi and a terrace .
in the evening , you can return to your spacious apartment to freshen up and take a nap , before heading out for dinner .
enjoying a convenient location , my lan hotel is just 2 km from various attractions such as hoan kiem lake , ngoc son temple and ba dinh square .
it boasts an on - site golf course , casino and a full - service spa .
the woodlands bistro offers an innovative menu , which changes daily to reflect the finest , freshest seasonal produce available locally .
there is also traveller ’ s coffee café and the sport - bar .
guests at the hampton inn philadelphia / mt .
set in agios sostis , 150 metres from the beach , bozikis palace hotel features an outdoor pool and views of the garden .
each is pet friendly and provides tea and coffee making facilities .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with free toiletries .
this hotel is located in the historic centre of kiev , 50 metres from the ukrainian national opera .
the nascar hall of fame is 9 . 5 miles away .
it takes 10 minutes by taxi to guangzhou east railway station .
each suite features a tv , sofa and free minibar .
meeting rooms are available .
the famous osho meditation resort is just 7 km away .
shuttles to the gala yuzawa ski field stop right in front of the ryokan .
it is fitted with a living room , sound - proof walls , flat - screen tvs , minibar and a safety deposit box .
this guest house is located in the heart of st . petersburg , within a 5 - minute walk of palace square and the hermitage museum .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out yacht port ( 800 metres ) and puck city stadium ( 1 km ).
amenities include air conditioning , a private balcony and seating area with cable tv . bathroom facilities are either shared or en suite , and includes hot and cold shower facilities .
bertrand villa provides free wi - fi and a fully - equipped kitchen .
there is a private bathroom with a shower in each unit .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out agioi anargyroi chruch and the church by st . paul ' s pillar at 1 km .
guests wishing to explore casa de esteiro can use one of the available bicycles and afterwards relax in one of the poolside sun loungers .
terraços de benagil villas have air conditioning , and include a living area with flat - screen tvs .
a 1 - minute walk from sambraid beach , dibba farm is located in dibba .
the pleasurewood hills theme park is around 10 minutes ’ drive away .
a continental breakfast including hard boiled eggs , fresh fruit , cereals and pastries is served each morning in the breakfast room . a selection of juices , coffee and hot chocolate is included .
private bathroom comes with a shower .
minsk train station is 26 . 5 km away , and minsk national airport is 29 . 6 km from vip raubichi holiday home .
business travelers will appreciate access to fax and copy machines .
in the morning , hotel cappadocia serves a breakfast on the sun terrace and can be enjoyed with views of the natural surroundings and nearby villages .
set in a 17th - century building with original roman walls a 3 - minute walk from verona ’ s amphitheatre , palazzo sant andrea features modern apartments with a dishwasher .
during the summer , guests can enjoy breakfast on the quietly situated terrace .
the kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher and an oven .
all well - lit rooms come with a tv and a fridge .
all the air - conditioned rooms include a wardrobe , a seating area and a private bathroom with a hairdryer , a bathrobe and a bath or shower .
lille is 35 km from b & b le nord , while ghent is 44 km away .
this family - owned and operated chateau is surrounded by its own forest park next to the village of hostačov in eastern bohemia .
state academic opera and ballet is 2 . 1 km from apartment domovoy na chelyuskintsev , while ploshchad 1905 goda is 2 . 2 km from the property .
featuring a terrace overlooking the surrounding area , la selva offers an a la carte restaurant and a guest lounge area . the property is located 4 km from cava de ’ tirreni .
courses and activities proposed by the hotel include yoga , create writing , music and dance .
guests can enjoy free coffee served in the lobby .
locanda di porta pia is located in rome , just a 10 - minute walk from castro pretorio metro station .
free wifi access is available .
a selection of thai and international dishes are served at the beachfront restaurant .
other facilities like a barbecue , indoor and outdoor games , a children ' s playground and croquet are offered .
located off interstate 695 , this essex , maryland hotel is just a 20 - minute drive from downtown baltimore .
all include a washing machine , ironing facilities and a fully - equipped kitchenette .
free public parking is possible at a location nearby .
a rich breakfast buffet is served in the breakfast room or on the peaceful garden terrace .
the schloß meisdorf golf club can be reached in 20 - minutes by car .
appartamento al mare is an apartment located in lignano sabbiadoro , 1 . 9 km from porto lignano .
some bedrooms come with a dvd player .
bustling temple bar and the olympia theatre can be reached in 20 minutes on foot . trinity college is also a 20 - minute walk away , and croke park is 5 minutes ’ walk from the house .
you will find restaurants and a grocery shop within a 5 - minute walk from the studio .
olympic star offers all the comforts for a pleasant stay .
breakfast is optional and at a surcharge .
vilamoura beach is within 15 minutes ’ walking from the brisa mar apartment , and the casino is a 5 - minute drive .
hostel esenin features free wifi throughout the property .
it offers en - suite rooms and suites with a tv and free wi - fi access .
casa rural la font de morella offers heating , a lounge with fireplace and a balcony with city views .
air - conditioned guestrooms offer spacious interiors with modern furnishings .
bungalows at rey del bosque apart – hotel & spa are equipped with full kitchen facilities including kitchenware and refrigerators . they also have dvd players and seating areas .
table tennis facilities are available .
the apartment has 1 double bedroom and a bedroom with 2 single beds .
all units have a kitchenette equipped with a dishwasher and microwave . a toaster , a fridge and stovetop are also offered , as well as a kettle .
the m4 motorway and picturesque porthcawl are just 5 minutes ’ drive away .
free parking is available nearby .
eggs , bacon and fresh fruit are part of the rich breakfast buffet , available each morning .
located just 7 minutes ' walk from battersea park , fg property - battersea one bedroom apartment , offers self - catering accommodation with free wifi access available .
traditional hand - painted furniture and classic - style artwork feature in the bright and spacious rooms at gästehaus am kurparkweg . many rooms come with a furnished balcony and all are equipped with a cable tv .
free wi - fi access is available .
guests can relax in the garden or enjoy themselves reading a book in the lobby , which features a fireplace .
the hotel has 24 - hour hot water and air conditioning .
this apartment hotel offers luxurious facilities in the heart of dubai , just a 5 - minute drive from dubai international airport .
the colonial - style felipez hotel provides its guests with free wi - fi and free continental breakfast in cochabamba . the city ' s palacio de justicia courthouse is 400 metres away .
free wi - fi access is available in this holiday home .
nearest bar , restaurant and grocery shop are also in the immediate vicinity .
some of the apartments also have a private terrace .
the goldeck ski area is 13 km away .
bathrobes , slippers and a hairdryer can be found at the minimalist bathroom .
shopping and dining on daytona ' s main street are just 14 minutes ' drive away .
this hotel is only 300 metres from løkken beach and 20 minutes ’ drive from fårup sommerland amusement park .
lecco is 28 km from casa fiore , while lugano is 40 km from the property .
the tour desk organises excursions to local attractions . bicycle rental facilities are available at the tour desk .
other facilities at al bateen residences include a spa centre .
marseille provence airport is located 27 km away .
each room at h58 offers warm interiors with wooden furniture with chests of drawers and nightstands .
there is a dining area , and a kitchen with an electric hob , oven , coffee maker and fridge .
rooms are comfortable and equipped with tv , telephone and private bathroom .
as well as an elegant seating and dining area , there is a homely fireplace in the living area .
guests have access to a shared living area and luggage storage is available .
some have a private external bathroom , some have an en suite bathroom , and some share one .
guests can enjoy complimentary access to the swimming pool as well as the property ’ s health club facilities .
the nietzsche house is a 10 - minute walk .
tognazzini ' s dockside restaurant , albertsons ( general supplies ) and morro strand state beach are within 5 km away .
towels are available .
both stations connect to heathrow airport and theatreland via the piccadilly line .
all rooms at the mosè feature cool tiled floors and wrought - iron beds . each is equipped with air conditioning , satellite tv , and private bathroom with shower and hairdryer .
a garden with barbecue facilities is at guests ' disposal and a children ' s playground is provided at a surcharge .
a 15 - minute train ride from kansai international airport , hotel sunrise inn offers rooms with free wired internet and a full private bathroom .
sukhothai ancient city is just a 3 - minute drive from wattanawan resort .
the coastal town of taormina , with its renowned beaches , is 20 km away .
free wi - fi is included in each room at park west inn .
the accommodation comes with a flat - screen led tv .
the fox theatre is 9 . 6 km away from motel oaks .
located in krasnaya polyana , this hotel is 3 . 8 km from karusel ski resort .
it features a three - storey spa and yoga studio .
offering free wifi and a terrace , apartment wesseling berzdorf is situated in wesseling .
towels and linen are included and are changed every 3 days .
each room at hotel georges has an en suite bathroom with a bath or shower and organic toiletries .
in - room massage services are available for a surcharge as well .
the property is located just 1 km from the famous shankarpur beach .
chinese , indonesian and international cuisine can be sampled at lian yuan restaurant , while the famous seafood market , pasar muara karang , can be reached by a 10 - minute drive .
the private bathrooms are fitted with a shower and come with slippers and free toiletries .
rooms have a flat - screen tv .
all of the comfortable rooms at bed and breakfast los alamos feature air conditioning and views of the garden and swimming pool .
located in fontane bianche , the fiore di mare is 30 metres from a rocky beach .
the beautiful iztuzu beach is only 5 km from the hotel .
guests can enjoy private minibars and hot - drink facilities in each room .
extras include a desk , an outdoor seating area and bed linen .
guest house safarov offers pet - friendly accommodation in lahıc .
there is also a kitchenette , equipped with a fridge .
pula airport is located 7 km away .
conveniently , you are also near the charming medieval village of pals which has an ancient city wall , gothic architecture and a pleasant square .
laundry facilities are available for guests to use at their convenience .
it offers a free evening buffet and free wi - fi internet access .
in the apartment you will find facilities like a tv , dvd , electric heating and a dishwasher .
the property is 23 km from peñíscola and boasts views of the sea .
this holiday home is 55 km from billund airport .
breakfast includes local products and homemade jams and cakes .
a doorman is available 24 hours at this rio de janeiro copacabana 302 b building .
morro de são paulo ’ s zipline attraction is 2 km away .
guests benefit from free wifi and private parking available on site .
surrounded by the greenery of the radicondoli countryside , casa vacanze il casettino features an outdoor pool and free wifi in all areas .
located directly next to the historic são bento train and metro station , go2oporto is located in the heart of porto .
the town of bar is 14 km from the apartments zec .
there is a flat - screen tv with freeview and dvd player , hairdryer and tea and coffee facilities in all rooms .
summerwind homes also feature modern décor with a tiled floor and dining area .
the award - winning water bar offers a sophisticated atmosphere , plus a choice of spirits and cocktails .
located by the pool , splash also serves beverages .
situated in icmeler , this family - run hotel is only a short walk from icmeler bay and the beach .
guests at bunka hostel tokyo can enjoy japanese dishes and sake at the on - site restaurant / bar on the ground floor .
the skadarlija bohemian quarter is located at a distance of 1 km from hostel stark .
it also offers gluten - free dishes upon request .
free wifi is available throughout .
free wifi access is available throughout .
the restaurant also serves barbecue dishes on the terrace .
les 7 oliviers lies at a distance of 5 km from the main town of naoussa and 13 km from the port of parikia .
the apartments have a washing machine and a balcony overlooking the dubai creek .
all studios will provide you with a tv , air conditioning and a balcony . there is a full kitchenette with a refrigerator and kitchenware .
all accommodation at trianon feature a warm and elegant décor .
a selection of activities are offered in the area , such as diving and fishing .
a shared kitchenette is available and free shuttle service is provided .
featuring a bath or shower , the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
free wifi is available .
oishe boutique hotel features free wifi .
the main port of skopelos is only 250 metres from hotel aggeliki .
guests can enjoy water activities such as diving , fishing and snorkeling , which are available upon request .
guests enjoy a 60 % discount in the aquapark president .
all units include a kitchenette equipped with a toaster and refrigerator . a stovetop and coffee machine are also provided .
featuring an outdoor pool and surrounded by nature , casa de vilarinho , located in terras de bouro is a self - catering accommodation 30 km from braga .
set in santa pola , this apartment features free wifi . the apartment is 8 km from playa carabassi beach .
urquinaona metro station is just 250 metres away and you can walk to ciutadella park in 10 minutes .
the private bathroom includes a hairdryer .
you can enjoy mountain view from the room .
guest laundry facilities are located on the premises .
the wind jacket lodge provides private rooms and dorm beds , just 250 metres from the ski lifts to the hakuba happo - one winter resort .
amulet apartment offers accommodation in saint petersburg .
play a game of tennis at the tennis court or enjoy golfing , canoeing , and fishing in the surrounding area .
there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
the property also provides laundry and dry cleaning services .
the hotel features free wi - fi , an outdoor pool , and a fitness center .
the kitchen is equipped with an oven , electric kettle and coffee machine .
bathrobes and slippers are provided .
lux apartments is 300 metres from a sports and leisure centre .
this sedona , arizona hotel has laundry and barbecue facilities available .
comfort suite rive gauche lyon centre is in the city of lyon , only a 10 - minute walk from the perrache railway station and place bellecour .
public parking is available nearby for an additional charge .
situated a 5 - minute walk from the town centre and the main railway station , this traditional hotel in bad harzburg invites you to explore the wonderful countryside of the harz mountains .
a balcony or patio are featured in certain rooms .
sea is a villa featuring a garden with a barbecue , set in bigauņciems .
free parking is available .
a continental breakfast is served buffet style each morning .
ironing facilities are provided upon request .
the property organises sailboat day trips to kornati and krka national parks , as well as nearby islands .
all of the rooms at au clos de beaulieu are uniquely and elegantly decorated .
surrounded by olive groves and a garden , it features a rustic restaurant serving lazio and italian cuisine .
each guest room at the days inn city center features cable tv , a microwave , and a refrigerator .
located beachfront in the grand - bourg area , coco beach marie - galante offers its guests free parking and wi - fi access .
the outdoor swimming pool offers views of the fjord below .
each of the apartments at torenhoeve appartementen includes an open - plan living area with a tv , seating area and kitchen including a stove , microwave and tea / coffee making facilities .
located one block from the seafront on ponta negra beach , the marambaia apart hotel offers comfortable rooms with balconies overlooking the ocean and the popular morro do careca .
towels and bed linen are provided .
the modern chalets feature a dining area and a furnished terrace with barbecue facilities .
ecomuseum casa della batana and st . euphemia church can be reached within a short walk . a variety of dining options , bars and shops can be found in the vicinity .
beautiful view of haihe river and whole city can be enjoyed from the room window .
other facilities include a washing machine , tumble dryer , under floor heating and a wood burning stove .
burgas airport is reachable within 64 km .
various taverns and cafés are within proximity .
for your comfort , you will find slippers and free toiletries .
the rooms have air conditioning , an lcd tv , a work desk , and a small seating area .
you can also enjoy it in the room .
ferienhaus lenartz offers apartments with a fully equipped kitchen and dining area , as well as a garden terrace .
directly located on the banks of jialing river , harman hotel boasts luxury guestrooms and a wide range of leisure facilities , including a hot tub , massage service and a night club .
breakfast is available on request .
a 4 - minute drive from happo - one ski resort , hotel el mayo features a hot spring bath , free wifi and rooms with mountain views and private bathrooms .
the nearest airport is paris - orly airport , 10 km from hotel foz .
featuring luxurious interiors , this hotel is located in the prestigious etiler district , close to many shopping malls .
zimmerfrei much is situated in much , 41 km from cologne city centre . the a3 motorway towards cologne is 1 . 8 km away .
the premier inn harlow is within walking distance of harlow mill rail station , where there are trains to central london , which is 35 minutes ' journey and cambridge , which is 50 minutes ' journey .
drinks are available at the bar near the pool area and in the lounge . the restaurant serves regional and italian cuisine , plus sardinian specialities once a week .
bačvice sandy beach is just 400 metres away and it features various beach bars and vivid nightlife .
breakfast is a sweet and savoury buffet , including yoghurt , fresh fruit , and cold cuts .
free parking is available at the property .
free private parking is offered on site .
located 3 km from lucknow city centre , charans guest house offers a 24 - hour front desk and free wi - fi at the reception .
the resort is 16 km from phraya phichai monument . it is 20 km from borlek nam phi and 40 km from sirikit dama .
villa pomela offers free parking , and is within easy reach of the a7 milano - genova motorway .
fax and photocopying services are available .
at apartments burcul pag , guests can find a fully equipped kitchen with a refrigerator and kitchenware .
located in asilah , asilah marina golf offers an outdoor pool and a restaurant .
farkonia hotel is a holiday paradise for all seasons .
les greens d ’ eugène golf course is a 20 - minute drive away and pau is just under an hour ’ s drive from the property .
the old town is 7 tram stops from the property .
windroad guesthouse is an hour ' s drive from incheon international airport by bus or subway .
connaught place is 22km away .
the m27 motorway is a few minutes away , offering connections across the black sea coastline .
the royal ascot hotel is a 7 - minute drive from the popular sheikh zayed road and a 5 - minute drive from dubai museum .
offering outdoor pool , mozzview resort is located in khao kho .
oliwski park is 2 . 5 km from lidio , while university of gdań  sk is 2 . 5 km away .
avellino is 12 km away .
popular activities in the surrounding area include hiking and cycling , and bicycles can be rented from waldseeresort wemding .
guests can enjoy the on - site bar . free wifi is offered and free private parking is available on site .
this open and spacious upper storey apartment offers high ceilings and includes a seating area , a sofa and a washer and tumble dryer .
a breakfast buffet is provided in the hotel restaurant .
lennart meri tallinn airport is located 4 , 5 km away .
step out , you may find a wide range of local eateries in the surroundings .
luxemon xinjiang yindu hotel is a 10 - minute drive from hong shan .
the nuova pievanella is a working farm set in the tuscan maremma countryside , 30 km from grosseto and 40 km from siena .
located at jungut batu beach , mega cottage features bungalows with private terraces overlooking the bali sea .
mentioned in the white guide and awarded 1 michelin star , the in - house gourmet restaurant is run by chef karin fransson .
each comprises a kitchen or a kitchenette and a private bathroom .
there is free shuttle service and shops at the property .
apartments bokan is a self - catering accommodation located in cetinje , 6 . 7 km from lovćen national park .
with a private garden and a patio , fattoria pian di rocca offers pet - friendly accommodation in castiglione della pescaia , at a 5 - minute drive from the beach .
waldhotel schäferberg is quietly situated on the edge of the reinhardswald forest , near kassel .
this hotel offers self - catering suites with a plush sofa in the living area .
the sandy beach is about 200 metres away .
free private parking is available at the property .
located 400 metres from el cortecito beach and a 20 - minute drive from punta cana international airport .
the air - conditioned rooms at the resort are fitted with a balcony and hardwood furniture .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with free toiletries and slippers .
king abdul aziz street is a 10 - minute walk away .
it offers cooked breakfasts , free parking and rooms with free wi - fi and tvs .
putra mulia hotel is located a 20 - minute drive from polonia international airport and maimun royal palace .
the bathroom has a walk - in rain shower and toilet .
the rooms are tastefully decorated in soft colours to create a warm setting .
the albur village is a 51 - minute drive from the faro international airport .
this villa provides a kitchen equipped with a refrigerator , a microwave and kitchenware . an oven , a stove and barbecue facilities are also available at villa petit paradis .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk and gift shop at the property .
the apartment will provide you with air conditioning and a seating area . there is a full kitchen with a refrigerator .
located in ottensen just 5 km from hamburg , kleine brunnenstrasse 1 offers an apartment with 3 rooms with free wifi access .
the nearest airport is suvarnabhumi airport , 23 km from the pannana @ thonglor .
choose from a number of bedding configurations .
offering a year - round outdoor heated pool , the property features an in - house restaurant and a bar . indoor and outdoor playground areas are available for guests with children .
miami children ' s museum is 2 . 6 km from studio on northwest 1st avenue 3 , while bayfront park is 3 km away .
in the village of agia anna , guests can find traditional taverns and seaside cafes .
it is served in the patio , under the trees , or around the fire - place during winter .
alanya town centre is 12 km from the hotel . antalya airport is 120 km away .
some rooms come with a sofa bed .
free private parking facilities are available .
bunbeg lies on donegal ' s west coast in the heart of the irish - speaking gaeltacht .
a private or shared bathroom is featured .
coffee making facilities are also included .
viewing the garden , villa de premayac individually decorated rooms feature a private bathroom with a bath tub and free toiletries , as well as free wifi access .
all have a well equipped kitchen , a dining and seating area and a terrace with garden furniture .
salerno train station is 5 minutes ' walk away .
apartment florence 1 is a self - catering accommodation located in florence . the property is 300 metres from sant ' ambrogio market and 800 metres from convent of san marco .
the property features a sun terrace and views of the mountain .
pag is 22 km from apartment gajac .
résidence & spa vallorcine mont - blanc is in close proximity to mont blanc and chamonix is just 16 km away .
it offers an outdoor pool and free wifi access in all public areas .
elegantly furnished , classical - style rooms with free wi - fi and flat - screen tvs are offered at classic .
the four - bedroom accommodation will provide you with satellite tv including german and scandinavian channels , a balcony and a terrace .
featuring an on - site fitness centre and free wifi access , this self - catering accommodation is located in the city centre of seattle , washington .
towels and bed linen are offered in this apartment .
the hotel has a small library and reading lounge .
there is a double bedroom , a twin bedroom and a bathroom .
it includes a lounge with tv , a dining area and a well - equipped kitchen with oven and stovetop .
the guest rooms are decorated with brown accents .
select rooms feature a kitchen or kitchenette .
other facilities like grocery deliveries are offered .
the beach is 5 km from colle moro resort , and montesilvano train station is a 10 - minute drive away .
free private parking is available on site .
each room in this adult - only hotel will provide you with a tv , a balcony and pay - per - view channels .
the port of prinos with ferries to kavala town , is a 1 - minute walk away .
there is a private bathroom with a bath .
ataturk airport is 20 km away .
offering a barbecue and views of the garden , part camping is located in hédervár in the gyor - moson - sopron region .
the property offers free private parking on site and a fitness centre .
lübeck ’ s old town district is a 5 - minute walk from the park hotel .
the property is 700 metres from the livu aqua park .
it offers free wi - fi , buffet breakfast and air - conditioned chalets with a patio .
debrecen accommodations is situated in debrecen , 1 km from aquaticum mediterranean pleasure baths .
offering a private outdoor pool and a sun terrace with mountain and sea views , villa magnolia is located in santa eularia des riu , 10 minutes ' drive from the beach .
at apart praia posto 3 there is a 24 - hour front desk .
the area is popular for skiing and horse riding .
each room is fitted with a private bathroom equipped with a shower .
you can store your luggage for free and make use of the safety deposit boxes for free as well .
wi - fi is free .
some units also have a balcony .
most have a balcony .
tickets are available on site .
quietly located on the outskirts of paderborn , this family - run hotel features a sauna , free wi - fi in public areas and a terrace .
hampton inn lewisville ’ s guest rooms are equipped with a microwave and refrigerator .
free parking is provided .
offering views of the grand canal , hotel santa chiara is next to the ferry terminal and airport coach stop in piazzale roma , and 200 metres from venezia santa lucia train station . the papadopoli gardens are next door .
bike hire and car hire are available at the property and the area is popular for snorkelling and diving .
metorbus stop is a 10 - minute walk from the property and offers easy access to other sites in the city .
each unit features a private bathroom stocked with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
grandfather and grandmother stone is 2 . 4 km from the source herbal detox , while samui aquarium is 6 km from the property .
situated in the tree - lined suburbs of dunkeld , dunkeld manor offers a quiet retreat just a 10 - minute drive from the johannes city centre .
towels and bed linen are featured in this self - catering accommodation .
the kremlin is located less than 2 km from the baikal hotel .
lokappart - maine is a studio located in paris , right next to montparnasse cemetery .
one of the rooms overlooks the sea .
the kitchen has a fridge and a stovetop , as well as a kettle .
it offers exterior - facing rooms with heating , air conditioning and free wi - fi , as well as a restaurant .
only 500 metres away you can find a restaurant on the beach , which is accessible via a pedestrian path .
the main street , mitre avenue , is 100 metres away .
nestled away amidst lush greeneries , new bhandari swiss cottage features yoga classes and various outdoor activities like hiking and rafting .
toraja villa is a 15 - minute drive from nirwana golf course , 30 - minute drive from central seminyak and a 60 - minute drive to ngurah rai international airport .
a fridge and kettle are also provided .
they are equipped with a satellite tv and a mini bar .
gazipasa airport is located 61 km from the property .
the inn is 300 metres from ruthin castle and 3 . 1 km from tomen y rhodwydd castle .
featuring free outdoor pool and air - conditioned accommodation , villa briz apartments is located in the budjaka area in sozopol , 100 metres from the local beach .
an array of services and facilities are offered by the establishment , including free access to a heated outdoor pool and a fitness centre , and paid access to a day spa .
free private parking is available on site .
apartments and studios feature a sofa and a flat - screen tv with cable channels .
the restaurant shares a terrace with the hotel ' s café .
towels and bed linen are featured .
all of the rooms at the villa tummelchen hotel pension include satellite tv and high - speed internet ( fees apply ).
air - conditioned rooms are fitted with a flat - screen cable tv and tea / coffee - making facilities .
the hotel has 24 - hour front desk .
a fitness centre and swimming pool are available and free of charge .
you can prepare homemade meals using the apartment ’ s kitchen , which is equipped with a fridge , a dishwasher and an oven . there is also a microwave .
estonian national opera is 500 metres from centre apartment viru foorum keskus , while niguliste museum - concert hall is 1 km from the property .
the nearest airport is tivat airport , 16 km from the property .
all apartments at villa alisa have their own parking space and a private entrance .
the private bathroom has a bath or shower and a hairdryer .
the mirijevo area where the city hotel is located , is considered as the best place for living for people with respiratory and bronchial problems because of the mentioned climate and it is recommended by doctors .
this guest house features both free wifi and free private parking .
sanya golden sojourn resort is a 20 - minute drive from sanya bay and a 40 - minute drive from dadonghai bay or tianyahaijiao scenic area .
free private parking is available on site .
located a 15 - minute walk from the city centre of lisbon , charming santos features a self - catering apartment with free wi - fi . santos train station is a 5 - minute walk away .
yabuli farm house hotel is located in yabuli skiing resort , featuring traditional - style accommodation with free wi - fi access .
located 1 . 3 km from botanical garden of academy of sciences , apartment botanicheskaya 37а offers pet - friendly accommodation in moscow . the unit is 8 km from olympic stadium .
the apartment is fitted with a kitchenette
a continental breakfast can be enjoyed every morning .
guests can grab a drink and socialize with friends at the pub , which offers american fare for lunch and dinner .
evroapartment on moskovskaya offers self - catering accommodation in saint - petersburg , 600 metres from pobedy square .
hotel tamanoyu is a 10 - minute drive from matsumoto - jo castle and shopping street nakamachi - dori , featuring classic japanese architecture .
at latitude 8 , guests can enjoy a great coffee and evening snacks in a relaxing atmosphere .
chalet le paret includes 4 rooms , 2 bathrooms and a living room with a flat - screen tv , a sofa and a wood - burning stove . it also has a washing machine and an electric shoe dryer .
the hotel offers a buffet breakfast .
a wide range of restaurants , shops and bars can be found within a 5 - minute walk of the hostel .
apartment carrer gabriel miro offers accommodation in santa pola , 6 km from playa carabassi beach . the air - conditioned unit is 1 . 6 km from santa pola salt museum .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out central bank of brazil ( 3 . 6 km ) and supreme court of justice of brazil ( 3 . 6 km ).
free wifi is available throughout the property .
ironing facilities are offered , and suites include upgraded facilities , such as a fireplace .
guests can enjoy 4 - course , homemade evening meals served by the hosts on request .
guests can cook in the kitchen equipped with a microwave , fridge , stove , oven and kettle .
wifi is available throughout the belcaro motel .
it also has an outdoor pool , hot tub and a solarium .
clos savornin is located near saint saturnin lès apt , in the heart of luberon ’ s picturesque sites .
located just 250 metres from naples ' s piazza plebiscito , well come santa lucia offers elegant accommodation with antique furnishings in an 18th century building .
meals can be prepared in the well - equipped kitchenette which provides guests with a fridge and an oven .
nazaire is a 4 - minute drive and golf club de carcassonne a 9 - minute drive away .
it is 6 km from konyaalti beach .
the tulsa airport best western offers a hot breakfast .
it offers free wi - fi , a restaurant and a tour desk which organises excursions to local attractions .
additional facilities include a free - use barbecue and an outdoor dining area .
a public beach at lake zell with a heated pool , as well as a tennis court are a 7 - minute walk away .
the hotel has a barbecue and children ' s playground , and guests can enjoy a drink at the bar .
they feature free wifi and outdoor pools .
bbq facilities are offered to guests of arizona vacation rentals premium kierland guest homes . guests can enjoy a game of billiards in this holiday home .
guests can arrange sightseeing trips at the tour desk or inquire about shuttle service at the front desk .
guglielmo marconi airport in bologna is a 20 - minute drive away .
a breakfast buffet is included for guests at the berghotel .
it includes free wifi and air conditioning .
il vecchio marsala features free wifi throughout the property .
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and a refrigerator .
located in an elegant residential district of graz , just a 10 - minute walk from the university of graz , hotel villa rückert was built around 1900 and is surrounded by a quiet garden .
offering a sauna and a whirlpool , holiday home bækholmen ebeltoft iv is located in ebeltoft , 500 m from the sea .
between november and march , both villas have access to a shared hot tub .
otranto and maglie train station are located 20 minutes ’ drive away , while lecce is 27 km from the property .
situated off highway 225 , this hotel offers an outdoor pool , a restaurant , lounge and a free transfer service to denver international airport .
towels and linens can be rented for an extra cost .
hotel staff can assist with luggage storage , laundry or ironing services .
most of the bedrooms are equipped with an en suite bathroom .
the hotel has a business centre that provides fax and photocopying services .
rijeka airport is at a distance of 70 km .
this apartment offers a seating area , a flat - screen tv and a dressing room . the bathroom is complete with shower and toilet .
the private bathroom comes with a shower and toilet .
the family - run paschalia studios is located in gerakini village of chalkidiki , just 80 metres from the sandy beach and within 100 metres from restaurants and shops .
a washing machine and an iron are also included , as well as bed linen .
baked goods can be delivered to your apartment by placing an order with reception the evening before .
some rooms have a french balcony .
breakfast is offered in buffet style every morning .
the tour desk can provide sightseeing advice and help guests with travel arrangements .
free parking is available .
located just 80 metres from the scenic hikkaduwa beach , sea view rooms in hikkaduwa - budgetary guesthouse provides 24 - hour front desk for the convenience of the guests .
rijeka airport is located 164 km away .
the lively centre of playa del inglés is 4 km away .
holiday home au gras - souillet is located in saint - pierre - de - chartreuse .
crowne plaza phuket panwa beach is a 5 - minute drive to phuket aquarium .
the berezina river is a 15 - minute walk away , and minsk national airport is 72 . 3 km from bivak usadba club .
grand hotel varna all inclusive is part of the award - winning grand hotel varna resort & spa complex and is only a 10 - minute drive from the city of varna .
spread over 3 floors , the apartment has a seating area with satellite tv .
adler central train station is 3 km from ivettis guest house , and sochi international airport is 6 km away .
the building comprises a lift .
towels and bed linen are provided at villa poletti .
free private parking is available on site .
free sunbeds are available at the beach and free parking is possible on site .
eastchase park candlewood suites also offers a business center and a 24 - hour front desk .
the well - lit work desks include an ergonomic chair .
guests may contact the hotel to arrange an airport shuttle .
a wide variety of cafés and supermarkets , as well as pubs and restaurants serving fine and casual british and international cuisine , is located in the immediate surroundings of the guest house .
this bed and breakfast is located on the edge of den burg in a peaceful setting .
public parking spaces are available nearby free of charge .
providing quality service with a homely touch , the property owners offer valuable insider travel information about montaione and the surrounding region .
pidurangala rock is 2 . 5 km from bandula home stay , while sigiriya museum is 2 km away .
within 200 m you can find several shops , restaurants , bars , an outdoor swimming pool , ski sport facilities , ski runs and a ski school .
there is a shared kitchen at the property .
guests can share a meal with family and friends using the bbq facilities .
bourg - saint - maurice is 15 km from the chalet .
there is also a golf course just 250 metres away from the hotel .
lazy waves offers luxurious rooms with duck down duvets , anti - allergy microfibre pillows and high thread count linens and towels .
when booking a room , breakfast is included .
the onsite restaurant serves indian , chinese and continental delights .
each room is equipped with a private bathroom .
guests can have a glass of sparkling wine in the skumppa bar , or choose from a variety of dishes in alex bistro & brasserie .
it features a fitness centre , a spa and free wired internet in the guestrooms .
central festival eastville is 9 km from don muang boutique house , while chatuchak weekend market is 10 km from the property .
the kitchen comes with an oven , a microwave and a fridge , as well as a kettle .
the roof terrace on the george ’ s 7th floor offers scenic views over the alster .
sweet buffet breakfast is served each morning in the common lounge .
a continental breakfast is served everyday with home - made jams and pastries as well as chocolate .
alatskivi castle is surrounded by lakes , with the closest one , alatskivi lake , 200 metres from the castle .
featuring a cosy fireplace , and a modern design , the villa comes with a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
a breakfast buffet is served in the spacious dining area .
the property offers spacious suites with free wi - fi access .
it offers a high standard of bed and breakfast accommodation alongside its popular restaurant and bar with pretty terrace beer garden .
apartment jurja dobrile i is located in rovinj .
in - room food delivery is also available .
the property is situated 200 metres from the fast - paced night life of nevizade street and asmalimescit offering various dining options .
the property features a sun terrace .
guests can enjoy the on - site bar and snack bar .
featuring free wifi , kuma osaka guesthouse offers accommodation in osaka , 6 km from tsutenkaku .
located in the village of ritzingen on the furka pass road , hotel weisshorn features an infrared sauna and a traditional swiss restaurant with a sun terrace .
the apartment will provide you with a tv , air conditioning and a kitchenette with a microwave .
you can enjoy garden view from the rooms .
rooms have a private bathroom .
room service is available 24 / 7 .
the property offers free parking .
an outdoor hot tub is available to all guests throughout their stay at this tennessee days inn gatlinburg on the river motel .
a number of restaurants can be found near the property within 300 metres .
the resort is only a 5 - minute drive from boracay port .
an oven and a microwave can be found in the kitchen and there is a private bathroom .
the rooms at les demeures de montagne - le clos des gentianes feature antique furniture and are decorated in neutral tones .
a variety of cafés and restaurants can be found within a 5 - minute walk of the property .
josé martí international airport is 14 km away .
free private parking is available on site .
drinks and live music entertainment are available at the lobby lounge and poolside terrace .
featuring parquet floors and simple furniture , the air - conditioned rooms have a tv , private bathroom with free toiletries and a desk .
guests can enjoy an afternoon on the play station console at slounge .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out giza pyramids ( 9 . 8 km ) and great sphinx ( 9 . 9 km ). cairo international airport is located 20 km away .
the resort uses fair trade products .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
travel arrangements can be made at the tour desk .
set in almaty , this air - conditioned apartment features a balcony . the apartment is 16 km from medeo .
hiking tracks start nearby bástya apartman and madarász - tó with fishing and horse riding possibilities is 4 . 5 km away .
the tour desk can book cruises , village tours and day trips around the island .
guests enjoy breakfast in the room and may order from the room service .
the property offers free parking .
bathrooms have elemis products , whilst some rooms enjoy views of the local forest .
the nearest airport is antalya airport , 20 km from the property .
relax in the hotel ’ s spa with finnish sauna , bio sauna , infrared cabin and hot tubs .
the national mississippi river museum & aquarium is just 4 . 4 miles from this dubuque , iowa hotel .
kitchenette facilities and dining area are also provided .
other facilities like grocery deliveries , a shared lounge , 24 - hour front desk and laundry service are offered .
towels and bed linen are offered in this self - catering accommodation .
while staying at the embassy suites kansas city international airport , guests can take advantage of a free daily cooked - to - order breakfast along with a free daily evening reception . guestrooms at the hotel feature private sleeping and living areas as well as microwaves and refrigerators .
room service is provided .
villa lia is a detached villa situated in pefki rhodes in the rhodes region and is 44 km from rhodes town .
a shuttle service to both fiumicino and ciampino airport are available on request .
free wifi is available in the public areas .
a fresh breakfast buffet is provided each morning to guests at the hotel am schatzenstein .
kazan state university is 3 . 6 km from apartment on dashnaya , while peter and paul cathedral is 4 . 2 km from the property .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out wilhelm wagenfeld haus ( 500 metres ) and kunsthalle bremen ( 500 metres ). bremen airport is located 4 km from the property .
u - tapao international airport is located 24 km away .
room service is also available .
free private parking is possible at the property .
two bathrooms are available being one of them ensuite .
the museum of world culture is 700 metres away .
the apartments are located in three neighbouring buildings .
the town of westport is just a 15 - minute walk away and holds a designated heritage status .
all bathrooms feature select bathroom products .
a shared lounge area with flat - screen cable tv is available .
the kitchen includes a dishwasher , a microwave and a refrigerator .
a full dinner menu is offered to guests and non - residents in the warpool court restaurant .
el sueño maya is just 20 minutes ' drive from playa del carmen and another 20 minutes ' drive from tulum .
the apartment can accommodate up to 8 persons and offers an open and covered terrace .
the rooms at this courtyard by marriott come with tea and coffee making facilities , an iron and wi - fi access .
public parking is available nearby .
for leisure , karaoke facilities are available .
the town of oberkirch is 17 km away , while it is 25 km to the french border .
the air - conditioned unit is 800 metres from mae nam pier , and guests benefit from free wifi and private parking available on site .
bright and spacious , rooms at hotel portezuelo have seating areas and minibars .
the hotel also provides luggage storage and airport shuttle services on request .
each air - conditioned room features a cable tv with satellite channels .
located in phuket within a 7 - minute walk from andaman sea ’ s shores , byg private pool villa @ rawai beach offers villas with a private outdoor swimming pool and a private garden . free wifi and private parking facilities are also available .
at kamp highlander you will find an airport shuttle , a 24 - hour front desk and a bar .
a business centre and vending machines are also available .
guests are welcome to book the alpha ’ s shuttle for trips within the hanover city limits .
landelijk vakantiehuis amsterdam is a self - catering accommodation located 7 km from central station .
a ski storage room and carport parking are available at the müller appartement .
on request , staff can organise horseback riding tours in the park .
there is a kitchenette with a microwave and refrigerator .
other facilities include a tennis table , a football table , a hammock and a library .
church of the savior on spilled blood is 1 . 9 km from hostel severnaya zvezda , while palace square is 2 . 6 km from the property .
the nearest beach is at a distance of 50 km , while the municipal swimming pool is within 3 km from the property . federico garcía lorca airport in granada is 63 km away .
some also have a tv , dishwasher and microwave .
for added convenience , services such as grocery deliveries , car hire and airport transfers can all be arranged for an extra charge .
easily accessible to highway 22 and interstate 78 , this phillipsburg hotel features free wi - fi . downtown easton and lafayette college is 5 miles away .
guests are welcome to explore the surrounding hiking and cycling trails .
letsgo sagrada familia penthouse offers barbecue facilities and a furnished terrace with mountain and city views .
within a 100 - metre radius , you can find a grocery store and a bar , while some restaurants are located within 300 metres .
malaga airport is 31 km away .
free private parking is available on site .
offering a sauna , a garden and a terrace , laudensacks parkhotel is located in bad kissingen .
a launderette is also available .
there is a seating area , a dining area and a kitchen .
the property offers free parking .
bathrobes , a hairdryer and slippers are provided in the bathroom .
the rooms have a modern décor , with large windows and parquet floors . each one includes a flat - screen tv and some also have a sofa .
this 4 - star property is situated in a marine village and overlooks the water .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower and a hairdryer .
café nordurfjördur is a 2 - minute drive away .
the hintertux glacier is 7 km away .
offering an indoor pool and hot tub , this enterprise , oregon hotel is 11 miles from wallowa lake state park .
bacvice beach is a 20 - minute walk away from the tanja apartments .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with slippers and towels .
guests at chata u krále šumavy s . r . o .
the a33 motorway is 5 km from the campus lounge hotel and provides a connection to bielefeld in 35 minutes .
guests have access to a shared swimming pool and a car park .
located next to sé cathedral , the historical lisbon apartment is in the heart of the lisbon city centre .
the property is 1 km from biarritz media centre and features views of the garden .
a complimentary continental breakfast is available each morning .
the kitchen is equipped with a fridge . a tv is provided . there is a private bathroom with a bidet .
enjoy a swim in the outdoor pool or dine at the onsite restaurant at noah ' s mid city motor inn muswellbrook .
rooms at pension godenhof are colourfully decorated and furnished with rich wooden wall panelling .
there is a lift to access the apartment .
a private balcony is standard in all apartments .
strozzi palace is 1 . 3 km from apartment milli , while convent of san marco is 1 . 3 km away .
some have a private bathroom with a shower .
there are water sports facilities 150 metres away , including boat rental , jet skis and diving centre .
the popular parque dos peões rodeo venue is situated 8 km away .
modern touches include a flat - screen tv and free wi - fi .
a fishing stream and a golf course are nearby .
located in the central business district of makati city , azotea suites features a 24 - hour front desk , a business centre and modern rooms and suites fitted with a private kitchenette .
there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
some rooms offer extra space and a living area .
relax in the sunshine on a sun lounger before diving into the large outdoor swimming pool . you can also enjoy a cool drink beside the pool from the outdoor bar .
the wooden furnishings give the rooms a warm , chalet - style ambiance .
featuring a terrace with a snack bar , the family - run property offers self - catering accommodation with free wi - fi .
a selection of shops , restaurants and cafes are within a 15 - minute walk of the property .
located right in bruges ' historical centre , hostel 28 offers budget accommodation with free wifi throughout 500 metres from bruges ' central markt square .
herold is 1 . 3 km from place masséna and 1 . 7 km from cours saleya .
shower facilities and free toiletries are stocked in the attached bathrooms .
hotel arcadia colonial villa de leyva is located in villa de leyva and offers a 24 - hour front desk and free private parking . free wifi access is also available throughout the hotel .
it has an outdoor splash pool and offers air - conditioned guestrooms with balconies and views of palm trees .
phuket international airport can be reached within a 1 - hour drive from the residence .
free wi - fi is provided throughout .
centro hotel blankenburg was built in 1890 .
lifted off the ground , the wooden bungalows are located in the forest , surrounded by tall trees .
marquês de pombal square is 15 minutes ’ walk away .
there is a restaurant , and guests can have fun at the games room .
this apartment features air - conditioned bedrooms and a well - appointed kitchen , fitted with household appliances and kitchenware .
the blu grotto is 5 km away .
szklarska poręba is 18 km from hotel britz , while świeradów - zdrój is 21 km away .
this modern hotel is a 10 - minute walk from plaza zaragoza square and hermosillo cathedral .
hotel camping mali i robit is located in kavajë .
lake garda ’ s eastern shore is just a short drive away and buses to historic verona leave from nearby bardolino .
a grocery store and a variety of bars and restaurants are located just steps away from the casa đekić apartments .
appartementhaus sonnblick hochkönig has a large sun terrace , barbecue facilities , a table tennis table as well as ski storage boxes and a ski boot dryer .
holiday inn reynosa features a fully - equipped business centre , including computers with free internet access .
a sweet italian breakfast is available .
this 3 - star hotel is located in the town of greifswald , between the islands of rügen and usedom .
tom jobim international airport ( gig ) is at a distance of 35 km .
in addition , relaxing massages are available on request and at an additional cost .
24 - hour front desk and laundry facilities are also offered .
jenny ’ s cavery serves traditional food whilst the courtyard bar overlooks the halls stables .
overlooking the magaluf beach , the flamboyan caribe hotel has an outdoor swimming pool , free spa and direct access to the beach .
free private parking is available on site .
a dining area and full kitchen equipped with a refrigerator , stovetop , oven , and microwave are also included .
a balcony with river views is featured .
this hotel is less than 15 minutes ’ drive from decatur city centre .
there are two bathrooms each comes with a shower and a toilet . other facilities include electric heating and underfloor heating in the bathrooms .
scandic plaza aarhus is located in central aarhus , only 50 metres from the central station .
each room includes a satellite flat - screen tv , fan and wardrobe .
the fort lauderdale convention center is 19 . 5 miles from the hotel .
it offers modern rooms with free wifi .
featuring free wifi , eyre hotel offers accommodation in whyalla .
the entire building has a modern fire detection system with smoke detectors on every floor .
safari kruger cottage is a 40 - minute drive from sabi sand game reserve . kiepersol is 10 km away .
a 2 - minute walk from wat phnom , king guesthouse offers free wi - fi access throughout its premises .
decorated in a moroccan style , the rooms at hotel casa khaldi have a wardrobe and private bathroom with a bath tub or shower .
guests will be 5 km from the governors mansion .
some units feature a seating area and / or balcony .
the accommodation units of the szerval horse riding holidays come with a bathroom with shower and toilet , and with garden views .
it is 12 . 5 km to johannesburg ’ s centre . o . r .
there is also a living room with an lcd tv .
orchid lodge samui has an on - site restaurant where guests can enjoy their meals .
free wifi is featured throughout the property .
goa international airport is 19 km away .
free private parking is available on site .
guests can go skiing or snowboarding at the indoor ski slopes of snowworld landgraaf ( 11 km ).
guests will experience ultimate relaxation with warming fireplace and a spa bath .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
with a satellite flat - screen tv and a fully equipped kitchen , apartments at colle vaticano have 2 bedrooms and a living room .
each room features a flat - screen tv and a private bathroom .
the main bathroom of the city center deluxe apartment includes a bidet , heated towel rail , and a glazed shower cabin .
rooms with a flat - screen tv are featured at hotel siena residence .
the private bathroom comes with a shower and toiletries .
boutique home roma is a holiday home situated in the historical centre of rome and is 400 metres from castel sant ' angelo .
this 3 - bedroom , air - conditioned apartment includes a satellite flat - screen tv and an equipped kitchen with a microwave and stove .
there is a dining area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher , an oven and microwave .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling and canoeing .
the only hotel located right on istiklal avenue in taksim , the centre of entertainment , culture and shopping , richmond istanbul is surrounded with historical buildings and churches .
free private parking is available on site .
there is also two free car parks on site .
for self - catering needs , there is an equipped kitchen .
each one features a flat - screen tv , a minibar and a small kitchenette with a microwave .
all rooms at hotel wettin are designed in functional style , and have a tv with cable channels .
guests may lay back and enjoy a casual drink at malabrigo bar .
the property is a 7 - minute drive from castle stalker and 19 miles from the coastal town of oban .
outdoor activities include hiking in the beautiful surroundings .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
passeig de gracia , famous for its luxury shops , is 450 metres from the property , and las ramblas boulevard is 10 minutes away on foot .
famous guests at haus koller have included the actress romy schneider .
k star house operates a 24 - hour front desk .
some units have a terrace and / or balcony with sea views .
the parke tropical zoo is 15 minutes from the san marco hotel and casino .
towels and bed linen are provided .
the air - conditioned nadejda vacation house in the predela area of razlog is located 3 km from the kulinoto ski slope and 9 km from a golf course .
providenciales international airport is 12 km away .
san lazzaro di savena is 19 km from da ferro , while bologna is 27 km from the property . bologna guglielmo marconi airport is 27 km away .
there is a range of bars , restaurants and theatres within just 0 . 5 miles of the apartments in the shoreditch area .
certain units include a seating area where you can relax .
featuring free wifi , a barbecue and a sun terrace , kamienica górna 7 offers pet - friendly accommodation in olsztyn .
syracuse city centre is 15 minutes ’ drive .
an en suite bathroom is fitted with shower facilities .
free wi - fi is accessible throughout the hotel .
set 200 metres from cathedral basilica of cefalù in cefalù , this air - conditioned apartment features a balcony with city views . wifi is free throughout .
there are 2 acres of pretty gardens , and you can relax in outdoor seating areas with views of the local area .
aquatoria dolphinarium is 800 metres from костеро , while amfibius water park is 1 . 5 km away .
hotel vienna in the town of silistra features a restaurant with a bar and a summer garden , and offers air - conditioned rooms .
tahunanui beach is 9 km from nelson coastal getaway , while world of wearable art and collectable car museum is 10 km from the property .
an on - site fire pit provides a place for guests to relax and socialize .
hammocks and a screened in porch with views are available in front and back of the house .
a bus stopping 200 metres from residenza anna takes you to the train station .
the stylish air - conditioned villa and penthouse are decorated with contemporary artwork .
laundry , dry cleaning and ironing services can also be provided at an additional charge .
restaurants and shops are found nearby .
rhodes international airport is located 23 km from the property .
private rooms have a wardrobe , while dormitories come with a private locker .
at ramcons residency majorda you will find a garden and a terrace .
at rus you can have doctor ' s advice and special treatment course with mineral water and oxygen cocktails .
in season , skiing is the region ’ s main attraction .
the nearest airport is pulkovo airport , 16 km from the property .
located just 100 metres from the bustling ameerpet area , the crown hotel operates a 24 - hour front desk to assist guests at all hours .
hotel du parc is situated 80 km from nice airport and 10 km from gare des arc train station .
the kitchen - dining area comes with a stovetop , an oven , a dishwasher and a coffee machine .
it ’ s a good spot to enjoy the sun at a terrace of one of many bars .
you can engage in various activities , such as skiing , cycling and hiking .
featuring free wifi and air conditioning , inmálaga constitución is set in málaga . calle larios is 80 metres from the property .
östersund is 75 minutes ’ drive away .
located in furore , 8 km from amalfi , il mulino offers free wi - fi , a garden and air - conditioned rooms with views of the mediterranean sea .
there are shared , bright bathrooms with white tiles and hand dryers .
a restaurant is 80 metres away and within a 5 - minute drive , you can also reach a grocery store .
a tv is featured .
free private parking is available on site .
the staff , available 24 hours a day , assists with car and bike rentals and offers concierge services .
it offers varied breakfast every morning and specialises in traditional polish cuisine .
with an impressive yellow façade , it features a seasonal outdoor pool and free wi - fi .
mercado de colon apartment offers pet - friendly accommodation in valencia , 1 . 2 km from barrio del carmen and 1 . 8 km from city of arts & sciences .
next to the pool , there is also a wooden deck with sun loungers , where guests can relax during the summer .
the on site restaurant serves a selection of chinese dishes .
ski lessons and a ski shuttle can also be organised .
the olde horsham motel is just a 5 - minute drive from horsham city centre .
nagisa park along the sagami - nada sea coast is a 6 - minute drive away , while shogetsu temple is a 7 - minute drive from the property .
free wifi is available throughout the property .
the kitchen is equipped with an oven .
other facilities offered include room service , luggage storage and a laundry service .
offering a barbecue and views of the sea , krk kornic apartments is set in kornić in the krk island region .
guests can relax outdoors on the terrace , and enjoy reading their free daily newspaper .
marbella and puerto banús are also nearby .
jungcyelon shopping centre and bangla road are only a 3 - minute ride from baan sudarat guest house . the famous patong beach is a 5 - minute ride away .
offering an outdoor swimming pool , hostal marina real is located in manta .
all rooms come with air conditioning , a tv and an electric kettle .
the rooms will provide you with a tv .
düren town centre and düren golf club are each 5 minutes away by car . hotel hilgers is 12 minutes from the a4 motorway , allowing easy access to cologne and aachen .
parklane residencies provides homely apartments with a fully equipped kitchen , dining area and a large living room .
it provides a fully equipped communal kitchen and garden with bbq facilities .
hotel el eden is located 5 minutes ’ walk from dominicus beach and 3 km from bayahibe beach .
located in a building featuring an indoor pool , a spa area and a restaurant serving austrian cuisine , apartment 217 im aparthotel kleinwalsertal enjoys a convenient location next to a ski slope in mittelberg .
ironing and laundry services can be arranged by the 24 - hour front desk .
leonidion village is 32 km from the property .
there is a children ’ s playground and table tennis available .
guests can spend a lazy afternoon by the garden pool surrounded with sun loungers and umbrellas .
free parking is available on site upon request .
extras include slippers and free toiletries .
at green leaves hotel you will find a 24 - hour front desk .
car hire service , tour desk , dry cleaning and 24 - hour room service is available with at a surcharge .
located in a residential area of moscow , a 20 - minute walk to tekstilshchiki metro station , mini hotel na saratovskoy offers simple rooms with free wi - fi .
a fridge and a stovetop can be found in the kitchenette and there is a private bathroom .
it features an outdoor swimming pool , a gym and sauna .
offering a peaceful garden with swimming pool , sun loungers and mountain views , pension sonnheim is in central gargazzone , a 15 - minute drive from the merano thermal baths .
all rooms are bright and feature private balconies .
it offers an outdoor pool , breakfast and beach - service with sunloungers and parasols .
the hotel features viet lang and la torre restaurants which serve local specialities and a variety of european dishes .
the apartment provides seating area and a flat - screen tv . there is a fully equipped kitchen with dining area . featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
each unit comes with a tv with cable channels , a living area with a sofa and a well - equipped kitchenette .
the hotel is a 10 - minute drive from siantar waterpark and 1 hour away from lake toba .
the gino allegri airport is less than 2 km from the property .
bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for snorkelling and diving .
they are fitted with fine - quality furnishings , a comfortable seating area and facilities like a flat - screen satellite tv and a private balcony where views of the mountain , forest and sunset can be enjoyed .
the living room has a sofa bed and a flat - screen tv , and the kitchenette includes a microwave , fridge , oven and coffee maker .
various ski trails and bike paths are 10 minutes ’ drive away from the hotel .
after a restful night of sleep , guests can take advantage of the fitness center or go for a swim in the indoor pool .
the property offers free parking .
polish theatre in wrocław is a few steps from spocoloco24 , while wrocław philharmony is 300 metres from the property .
guests can find a variety of restaurants and convenience stores within 10 minutes ’ walk .
it offers modern guestrooms with free wired internet access and free wi - fi .
apartments have a kitchen with an oven , a refrigerator , a flat - screen tv . the bathroom comes with a shower and hairdryer .
the rossio historical area is a 6 - minute drive and features a number of shops and local cafés .
vortex springs , an outdoor recreation and dive park , is located 25 minutes ’ drive from the hotel .
a buffet breakfast can be enjoyed every morning and coffee and cakes are offered in the afternoon during winter season .
extras include a washing machine and tumble dryer at velocity downtown condo .
boryspil airport is 36 km from the apartments .
the hotel has a spacious lounge area which is equipped with satellite tv . free wifi and free private parking are available .
bicycle rental can be arranged .
the bathrooms are fitted with shower and provided with free toiletries .
the hotel ' s restaurant serves various lunch and dinner items inspired by the dutch and french cuisine .
the fully - equipped kitchen includes a refrigerator , stove and a microwave .
the guest house is 1 . 2 km from laura ski lift and 1 . 9 km from alpika - 1 .
most rooms also have a balcony .
free private parking is available on site .
it includes a well - equipped kitchen , a washing machine and a private terrace .
parikia , the picturesque main town and port of paros , is at 10 km .
the marina is less than 2 km from the property .
appartements la marine - ladauge coeur océan offers self - catering apartments in the historic centre of la rochelle , 100 metres from quai louis durand .
located in molat , apartment nella offers 2 self - catering accommodation .
this guest house is set within a farm , 2 km from sospel in the maritime alps .
the hotel is 4 km from riva del garda , reachable by car or via a cycling path .
free private parking is also available on site .
each room at the old kafenion b & b is air - conditioned and feature a bathroom stocked with a shower or bath .
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dining area , and a terrace with barbecue facilities .
guests can also request breakfast to their rooms .
there is a large living room with a terrace , satellite tv and a sofa . the kitchen includes a microwave , fridge , oven and coffee maker .
the national exhibition centre belexpo is set 1 . 5 km from apartment abv starovilenskin tract 69 , while the holy spirit cathedral can be reached within 2 . 8 km .
this family - run hotel is located in the heidingsfeld district , a 5 - minute drive from the centre of würzburg .
hotel victoria river view is a 15 - minute drive from duta shopping mall .
the winslow elegance hotel is situated in the popular winter resort of bansko at the foothills of the pirin mountains , only a 10 - 15 minutes ' walk from the main lift station .
offering stylish rooms with free wi - fi , the saba hotel is set in el cangrejo , 15 minutes ’ walk from plaza concordia square and panama city ' s financial district .
monte da tojeirinha is located in alentejo , 500 metres from the montargil dam .
the studios all have a balcony with outdoor seating and garden views .
en suite bathrooms have hot shower facilities .
the property is 1 . 1 km from conference palace and 1 . 4 km from marrakesh train station .
the restaurant serves hardy meals by the fireplace or on the terrace .
the nearest airport is vaclav havel prague airport , 14 km from the property .
marseille provence airport is 77 km away .
figueira da foz , with its atlantic beaches , is a 40 - minute drive .
rooms at the auberge have cable tv , a dvd player , and a bathroom with hairdryer .
the restaurant serves multi cuisine dishes , including indian , chinese and western choices .
northern michigan university is 2 miles from this hotel .
the heated guest rooms are equipped with electric blankets , a work desk and tv .
activities on site include bird - watching , walking trails , mountain bike trails , guided quad biking and trout fishing .
the city of exeter is just 15 minutes ’ drive away .
the garden invites guests to relax outside in warm weather .
to maximize the gourmet experience in shanghai , guests may select from plenty of local dining options within walking distance .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
haus am see spa offers massages , beauty treatments , saunas with mountain views , steam bath , infrared cabin and relaxation room .
the staff can meet guests at the border crossing or at the train station .
the bathroom and toilets are shared .
it includes hot drinks and croissants .
decorated with vivid - coloured walls and features a well - equipped kitchen and modern furnishings , villa mária városi lakás is an apartment in the centre of siófok , a 15 - minute walk from the lake balaton .
heliopolis cap d ' agde village naturiste boasts views of the garden and is 3 . 2 km from aqualand cap d ' agde .
certain rooms feature a seating area where you can relax .
a daily breakfast is included .
guests benefit from free wifi and private parking available on site .
the bathrooms have a bath or shower and toilet .
the dining room has panoramic views over the countryside , and meals are served outside in the summer months .
each spacious room has moroccan berber décor .
popular points of interest , including the anaheim convention center , can be found only a short drive from abby ' s anaheimer inn .
nestled in a 6 - hectare park only a 5 - minute drive from the beach , the château hôtel du colombier dates back to the 18th century and combines historical charm with modern comforts .
an à la carte menu is offered for lunch and dinner and many local restaurants are within 1 km of the butik pendik .
the suites at the sunprime atlantic view all have a flat - screen tv and a balcony .
it is 250 metres from kodai - ji temple and 1 km from the kiyomizu - dera temple .
trickle creek golf course is 5 minutes ’ drive away .
ferienhaus leuchtturmblick auf rügen is located in sassnitz . free wifi access is available in this holiday home .
several pubs and cafes can be found in the village of aberdaron .
this holiday home is 15 km from thiviers and 65 km from bergerac .
kamianets - podilskyi train station is 1 . 4 km from the property .
guests can also have exotic cocktails at the bar or on the panoramic rooftop terrace .
within 1 km you can find the grindelwald - männlichen gondola cable car taking you from grindelwald to männlichen in 30 minutes .
it has an à la carte restaurant and non - smoking rooms with free wi - fi .
transfers from and to the airport are available upon request with surcharge .
on the first floor guests have a large bed - and living room and a pantry that offers a coffee maker , a refrigerator and a microwave . on the ground floor , the bathroom is fitted with a bath , a shower , a wash basin and a toilet .
the private bathroom has a shower , free toiletries and hairdryer .
free wifi access and a shared kitchen are available in this coimbra hostel .
a flat - screen tv is available .
each is equipped with a tv and hairdryer .
royal marina apartments is located in a complex in the small town of didim and it is only 1 km from the beach .
le vieux bassin port is 300 metres away and the sea is 2 km from the accommodation .
a sauna and hot tub are available for a surcharge , while a fitness centre is provided for free .
ski sport facilities are at 100 metres and there is a sports centre at 800 metres .
the mantri mall is 150 metres away while the mantri mall bus station is 200 metres away .
guests have access to camping rivamare ’ s private beach area .
guests can request for a massage or make use of the business centre ’ s facilities at the hotel .
free private parking is available on site .
all apartments include a fully equipped kitchen and a lounge area offering a flat - screen tv and a dvd player .
vilnius airport is 5 km from the property .
the gardens of trauttmansdorff castle and the merano 2000 ski area are both within 16 km of the kirchtalhof .
this 2 - floor villa includes a living area with satellite tv , sofa , and dining table .
offering a seasonal outdoor swimming pool and free wi - fi , chambres d ' hotes les roseaux is located 2 km from the heart of coulon village , one of the most picturesque villages of the green venice .
guests can also visit the ancient market at 1 . 2 km and the ancient theatre at 2 km .
sitting on praia do pepê beach , this self - catering apartment features air conditioning , a fully - equipped kitchen and a balcony with mountain and sea views .
located 300 metres from europe square in batumi , this apartment features free wifi . the unit is 400 metres from holy mother virgins nativity cathedral .
karlstad city centre is a 1 - hour drive from by hagfors .
a safety deposit box is also available in each room .
gite domaine u bugnu also includes a seasonal , shared outdoor pool .
each room at la maison tupinier includes a desk and a private bathroom with walk - in shower , toilet and free toiletries .
the elba ’ s thalassotherapy centre has a thermal circuit and a sauna , as well as cabins offering treatments using sea water and algae .
kırkpınar plateau is 10 km from the property and kastamonu airport is 35 km away .
area activities include hiking and day trips along the golden circle .
each comes with a private bathroom .
wehlener landhaus in stadt wehlen , sächsische schweiz comes fully furnished and includes a tv in the bedroom .
featuring a clubhouse and outdoor pool , this gated resort community is located off route 192 and 8 miles from central kissimmee . free wi - fi is offered in every vacation villa .
garapuvu is 1 km from joaquina beach and 3 km from conceição lagoon .
within walking distance , guests will also find a cafe serving local alcoholic or non beverages , as well as a variety of local delicacies .
you can enjoy views from the room .
activities like tennis , mini golf and fishing can be enjoyed on site .
each room with colourful décor offers views as well as free towels and bed linen .
la gomera airport can be reached in an hour ’ s drive from casa policarpo .
the budapest parliament is located 200 metres away and margaret island can be reached within a 10 - minute walk .
sun sea sand is located on poetto beach in quartu sant ’ elena .
featuring a bespoke floating staircase , this duplex penthouse at kenilworth house has 2 bedrooms , and can accommodate 2 extra guests in a sofa bed .
british museum is 400 metres from private apartments oxford street , while prince edward theatre is 500 metres from the property .
vitalhotel glocknerhof is located in zell am see , a 10 - minute walk from lake zell , and offers scenic views of the mountains in the zell am see - kaprun region . the areitbahn cable car is only a 5 - minute walk away .
piazza maggiore square is a 10 - minute drive from the dinette .
each room features a tv and a private bathroom .
they are always available to offer tourist tips and restaurant recommendations , and to book tours , excursions , and car rental .
while staying at the siesta suites , guests are within walking distance of beaches and biking trails .
other comforts include nightwear and toiletries .
bed linen and towels are provided .
building is secured and covered by cctv .
free wi - fi is available .
set in green surroundings at a peaceful location in kautenbach , the small - scale hotel huberty offers guest rooms with free wifi access , an on - site restaurant with a bar and a terrace , and free public parking facilities .
free private parking is available on site .
on - board the boat , guests can sing karaoke , exchange foreign currency and store luggage .
the renowned beaches of the south - east coast are also within easy reach if you are travelling by car .
airport shuttle and tour services are arranged for a fee .
located 1 . 9 km from church of the savior on spilled blood in saint petersburg , this apartment features a garden with a children ' s playground .
livinginopera apartamentos escalinata is located in central madrid , just 300 metres from plaza mayor and the royal palace . it offers air - conditioned apartments with free wi - fi .
less than a 20 - minute drive away , guests will find both ponte de lima and braga city .
the restaurant has a terrace , where you can enjoy mediterranean cuisine and excellent desserts .
at hotel new idola you will find a 24 - hour front desk , a terrace and a snack bar .
fertilia airport is 76 km away .
located 2 . 5 km from the main square of belgrade , ambient apartments offers self - catering accommodation with free wi - fi access . the property is 1 km from tašmajdan park .
towels and bed linen are featured in this self - catering accommodation .
michael youth hostel is a 30 - minute drive from guangzhou railway station and a 40 - minute drive from baiyun airport .
berggasthof haldenhof offers a sauna and regional cuisine .
it offers country - style accommodation on a farm specialising in organic produce .
barbecue facilities are available for guest to use .
hop onboard the halong poseidon sail , a luxury cruise in halong bay , which departs from bai chay wharf .
nearby leisure activities include bowling and miniature golf .
free wifi access is available .
the bus stop for the town centre is directly in front of the house .
located in couëron , la trémière offers b & b accommodations equipped with free wi - fi , just 15 km from the centre of nantes .
rooms are equipped with a private bathroom equipped with a shower .
a flat - screen tv with satellite channels is featured .
incheon international airport is an 80 - minute drive away .
holiday home strandlund hadsund xii is located in hadsung . the property is suitable for 8 guests .
playa hermosa is 22 km away .
this pet - friendly resort has a garden , terrace and a shared lounge .
teotihuacan trailer park is just 50 metres from los ahuehuetes restaurant , while many more bars and restaurants can be found around the pyramids .
rooms are fitted with a private bathroom with a bath and bidet , with free toiletries and a hair dryer provided .
start with our free and extensive continental breakfast buffet and after a day of exploring , cycling , fishing or horse riding , you can savour tasty croatian cuisine before heading to the bar for a nightcap or 2 .
guest house aviator is located in petrozavodsk , just 2 km from chalna river . set in a quiet part of the forest , it is close to a number of lakes where guests can fish and go mushroom picking .
canoes , fishing equipment and bicycles are available at a surcharge .
the kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher and an oven , as well as a kettle .
all air - conditioned studios and apartments at gera bay are bright and open to a patio or balcony with aegean sea , garden or pool views .
all rooms offer comfortable bed options and an en suite bathroom that comes with a shower .
guests of the wisconsin rapids americas best value inn can take advantage of the fax services and vending machines .
other facilities include electric heating .
daily cleaning is available upon request and for an extra charge .
the campanile also offers a 24 - hour reception .
harrisburg international airport is 32 . 9 km away .
this guesthouse is located less than 20 km from covilhã , in a tranquil location in paul village near hiking trails and river streams .
access to a fitness centre is provided to all la quinta inn and suites guests .
a flat - screen tv is provided .
guests are offered a private parking .
there is private parking on site .
alize studio homes is located in kadikoy , just 500 metres from kadikoy ferry port .
the nearest grocery store is 500 metres away and a restaurant is 300 metres further .
the private bathroom features a bath or a shower , a toilet , a hairdryer and free toiletries .
the famous avenue louise offering various shops , restaurants and bars is within a short walking distance .
sutra beach resort & spa terengganu is located at kampung rhu tapai village , a 10 - minute drive from merang jetty .
free wifi access is available .
a buffet breakfast including bread , juices , tea , coffee , milk , regional jams and eggs is served daily .
athens is 20 km away .
the hotel has comfortable rooms with air conditioning and free wi - fi .
a flat - screen tv with satellite channels , as well as an ipod docking station are provided .
the property has a yoga room and offers guests free breakfast and free on - site parking .
the hotel is 5 km from thane railway station and 45 km from mumbai international airport .
guests can enjoy snacks and russian dishes in the evenings , or relax in the bar with a drink .
extras include a hairdryer .
at moores nest you will find a garden and a shared kitchen . other facilities like a shared lounge , dry cleaning and an ironing service are offered . the property offers free parking .
travel arrangements can be made at the tour desk and complimentary parking spaces are available .
at the silk road hotel dunhuang guests can find a 24 - hour front desk and a mini - market .
the nearest airport is ngurah rai international airport , 31 km from svaha private villas ceningan .
elegant , welcoming and thoroughly soundproofed , imperial hotel occupies a modern building with fitness facilities , a wellness centre and conference halls near the centre of bologna , easily reached from the motorway .
dubrovnik airport is 77 km from the property .
vivanta by taj is located in chennai ’ s commercial district , 200 metres from spencer ’ s plaza mall .
certain units have a seating area to relax in after a busy day .
a continental breakfast in served every morning free of charge in the kitchen .
free wifi is offered throughout the property .
the hotel is located just 1 . 1 kilometres from nai yang national park .
breakfast is a varied buffet .
the city centre is 5 km away and the closest metro stop is 500 metres away .
featuring panoramic views across the atlantic ocean , the ballycroy bungalow is less than 5 km from the village of ballycroy . the town of westport is less than an hour ’ s drive away .
free wifi is featured throughout the property .
the restaurant serves delicious , homemade tuscan cuisine and fine local wines .
every room at this hotel is air conditioned and is equipped with a tv .
it features a sun terrace , a ski storage room , and a children ’ s playground .
offering traditional architecture , casa do pomar is set in parada village within peneda - gerês national park .
caminho da praia street , its bars , restaurants and shops , are 150 metres away , and primeira praia beach is 350 metres from the property .
a bicycle storage room is provided and bicycles can also be rented on spot .
other facilities at siddy apartment include a terrace .
bed linen and towels are included .
you will find an electric kettle in the room .
each unit has a private bathroom with a bath or shower and slippers .
bahnhofsquartier is an ideal base for visiting the therme bad wilsnack thermal baths , just 200 metres away .
the family - run schlappinger hof , is situated in an easily accessible yet peaceful location by the market place in reisbach , not far from the motorway .
featuring free wifi , onai hostel offers accommodations in nevados de chillan mountain range , where guests can enjoy wonderful views during winter or summer of nearby volcanoes .
a coffee machine comes with the fully equipped kitchen , and free toiletries are provided in the bathrooms .
the complex has a large central swimming pool , with a separate pool for kids , a large sun terrace , a padel court , pool tables , and a restaurant - cafeteria with terrace .
this hotel enjoys an idyllic location in the jura mountains in the canton of basel - landschaft .
this lodge offers free parking , whereas shuttle services are available for a surcharge .
the front desk is available 24 / 7 .
hyderabad airport is 22 km away , while ramoji film city – one of the world ’ s largest film studios – is 40 km away .
offering spacious rooms with a flat - screen tv , it features a restaurant and 24 - hour room service .
the living room features a seating area with a flat - screen tv while the private shower includes a shower and hairdryer .
the premiere classe niort est la creche makes an excellent stopover or a base for exploring the poitou - charentes region by car .
it is a 30 - minute drive from honfleur and etretat , and deauville is 40 km away .
the panoramic terrace of the luna di marzo offers views of the cinque terre ' s steep cliffs .
beach screens and deckchairs are also provided .
towels and bed linen are featured in this apartment .
blackpool international airport is just a mile from the building .
situated in split old town , in the very centre , apartments miranda features modern , air - conditioned apartments in a restored stone house .
car rental and sightseeing arrangements can be made at the on - site tour desk .
iberostar club cala barca - all inclusive is located 2 km from portopetro and 7 km from cala d ’ or .
breakfast is delivered to apartments upon request .
francis of assisi is a 7 - minute drive away . perugia is 22 km from the property .
free private parking is available on site .
the cities of bratislava and dunajska streda are to be reached within less than 25 minutes by car .
the lodge has a restaurant and offers a complimentary airport shuttle service .
kazan kremlin is 3 . 2 km from apartaments on yamasheva , while annunciation cathedral is 3 . 2 km away .
the voneshta voda village resort , famous for its healing mineral springs , is located 20 km away from tryavna .
st michael ' s mount is just 22 miles away .
ataturk airport is 16 . 1 km away .
litomyšl is 14 km away .
the chalet also provides free wi - fi internet access in the public areas , disability access and a ski locker .
at the nearby seaside promenade , you can find a grocery store , bar and a restaurant , as well as some water sport opportunities .
the freizeitpark zillertal arena leisure centre can be reached on foot in 10 minutes .
located on juhu beach , sun - n - sand mumbai offers beachfront accommodation with an outdoor pool , a fitness centre and 5 dining options .
a kitchen with an oven , a refrigerator and coffee - making facilities is also included .
mendoza casa features a garden and a terrace .
the british museum , covent garden and the area ’ s many shops are within easy reach .
the roof top restaurant offers panoramic views of the jaisalmer fort and the city .
offering an indoor pool , a hot tub and a sauna , holiday inn hotel & suites st . catharines - niagara is located in saint catharines .
villefranche - sur - saône is 43 km from gîte des murs , while roanne is 22 km from the property .
other facilities at soltróia rio apartment include an outdoor pool .
a continental breakfast is served every morning .
after a huge restoration project , it now features modern apartments .
there is also a kitchen , fitted with a microwave , toaster and refrigerator . a stovetop and kettle are also featured .
it offers a large outdoor pool and massage services upon request . free parking is provided .
la maison tourangelle is a holiday home with a terrace , situated in tours , 1 . 8 km from vinci international congress center . the unit is 2 . 1 km from basilica of saint martin , and guests benefit from free wifi and private parking available on site .
free wi - fi is available in public areas .
car hire and bike rental can be organised for you , and an airport shuttle service is available .
there are several restaurants available within a radius of 5 km .
at luxury penthouse kitzbühel , a hot tub and a terrace are at the guests ’ disposal .
wattay airport is a 10 - minute drive away .
at o ' haire motor inn you will find a fitness centre . other facilities offered include meeting facilities , a business centre and a 24 - hour reception .
waterstone fire roasted pizza is a casual restaurant with a bar that features beverages from the local micro - brewery , jefferson street brewery .
bars and coffee are served by the pool .
magellan is a villa with a balcony , located in benissa . the unit is 25 km from benidorm .
each has a kitchenette with a dining area , refrigerator and hob , and the private bathroom has a bathtub .
the h + hotel salzburg ’ s modern rooms all have a flat - screen cable tv , a seating area , an automatic heating and cooling system , a bottle of mineral water , and a bathroom .
located in titusville , florida , this bay towers apartment offers guests access to an outdoor pool and free wifi .
garcia sanabria park is 100 metres away , and plaza de españa is a 5 - minute walk .
all rooms at the best western leoso hotel ludwigshafen have cable tv and broadband as well as wifi internet .
there is a private bathroom with a shower .
bathroom facilities are en suite and include hot - water showers .
auberge bienvenue is within easy access of the town ’ s roman ruins and les chemins de la rose park .
a number of activities are offered in the area , such as golfing , snorkelling and fishing .
the a5 motorway is also nearby ,
on - site recreational activities include soaking up the sun on the beach or enjoying a refreshing dip in the outdoor pool .
the nearest airport is larnaca international airport , 6 km from anthea gardens 2 .
some rooms also offer a view of the castle , and the private bathrooms have free toiletries .
set in a 2 - hectare park in the verdon regional nature park , hôtel restaurant l ' ermitage features an outdoor swimming pool , 3 terraces , a bar , a restaurant and panoramic views of the mountain .
apart from skiing in the winter , guests can enjoy hiking and cycling .
guests can also use a shared fridge and microwave .
other facilities include electric heating and it is possible to make use of the wood - burning stove .
the apartment has a seating and dining area , kitchenette and bbq facilities . it includes a satellite tv and fireplace .
extras include bed linen .
the nearest airport is diego aracena international airport , 35 km from departamento arturo fernandez .
il relais is set in the 19th - century palazzo tommasi in the heart of verona , opposite the castelvecchio castle .
at the property there are also several animals , including lamas .
irning facilities and a washing machine are available on site .
the property ' s on - site restaurant serves western and thai dishes .
free wi - fi access is available .
luggage storage , laundry and dry cleaning services are also available .
a washer and tumble dryer and 2 full kitchens with a dishwasher , refrigerator and a stove top are offered at the grand luxury home in park city .
guests can enjoy meals and fresh coffee at the on - site restaurant and café .
spoleto is reachable by car in 30 minutes .
both free wifi and free parking space are accessible here .
standard wifi is also free of charge , and high - speed wifi is available for a surcharge .
posada de montaña quechalen offers accommodations with free wifi access in carpintería . boasting an outdoor pool , this property features impressive views of valle del conlara valley and a spacious garden covering 2 hectares .
hollywood restaurant serves chinese , indian and continental dishes .
there is also an electric kettle .
located only a 10 - minute walk from the seafront , villa vanilla offers luxury accommodation with free wi - fi and parking .
karaoke services and a beauty salon are also available .
nearly all also feature a balcony .
featuring free wifi throughout the property , apartments on pulkovskoe shosse is set in saint petersburg , 11 km from mariinsky theatre .
enjoy original features such as stone walls , wooden beams and the large , traditional courtyard .
guests of odessawebrent apartments benefit from the central location , as the shakh ’ s palace is 15 minutes ’ walk away .
also includes a barbecue .
each unit features a basic kitchenette , some have a private balcony .
klintely ’ s guest rooms offer a choice between private bathrooms and shared facilities .
bright , exterior - facing rooms at the veiganova hotel have a tv , a balcony and a private bathroom .
the bus to rimini train station is 20 metres away .
each one has a glass partition separating the bedroom from the en suite bathroom .
the nearest airport is brussels airport , 11 km from the property .
you can also relax with drinks and enjoy the mountain views .
towels and bed linen are featured .
the restaurant serves a variety of chinese dishes as well as the daily breakfast buffet .
there is a security desk by each entrance and 2 elegant elevators for guests ' use .
hotel starkenburger hof features an indian restaurant .
the kitchen is fully equipped with an oven , microwave and fridge , plus a washing machine and dishwasher .
bbq facilities are provided on the terrace .
each room has a flat - screen tv and clothes rack .
it offers rooms with air - conditioning .
the hotel offers free private parking on site and free wi - fi access .
rooms also feature a work desk , tea / coffee facilities and a private bathroom with a power shower .
isparta airport is 50 km away .
there is also a fireplace , a washing machine and bathrooms .
keomixay hotel is a 2 - minute drive from laos national museum .
the kahului airport is 10 miles away .
it is 50 km from the erzgebirge mountains and 55 km from bayreuth .
the property offers free parking .
the house is made of wood and stone in a highland style .
phnom penh international airport is located about 6 km away .
entertainment is also provided at monte baia ' s on - site disco .
equipped with a fridge , select units provide a plush sofa in the seating area .
it offers simply furnished rooms with free wi - fi , cable tv and hairdryers .
the třeboň castle , spa and railway station are 2 km away .
it is 4 km from the theme parks of aquafan and oltremare .
sap center at san jose is 1 mile away .
hotel kesar palace is 500 metres from jagdish temple and 2 km from fateh sagar lake and udaipur bus stand .
maisky hotel is located in adler , a 5 - minute walk from black sea beach .
they have tiled floors and provide bed linen and bath towels .
romantic rooms offer free wi - fi and satellite tv .
the fully - equipped kitchen is equipped with a microwave , hobs and kitchenware ; and it is completed with a washing machine .
not only is the location very tranquil , but you can unwind in the heated indoor pool , sauna and turkish baths .
guests can unwind with a drink at the sand dune lobby lounge .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower and free toiletries .
the wooden - furnishing cottages offer a fireplace , seating area , satellite tv and a terrace with garden views .
the spacious guest rooms are equipped with an lcd tv with canal + and bein sports .
situated in the sanabis business area on the edge of seef , the dream suites hotel apartments is just minutes from the bahrain international exhibition centre ; seef ’ s commercial banks and famous shopping centres are within easy walking distance .
there is a seating area on the balcony . featuring a shower , the private bathroom also comes with free toiletries and towels .
a bus to / from cagliari stops 300 metres from the house .
flinders street station is just 850 metres away .
ancol dreamland , where dufan theme park is located , can be reached within a 30 - minute drive , and getting to soekarno - hatta international airport will take about 1 hour by car .
there is a separate washing and drying room in the basement of the apartment building .
a free pick - up service is available from neumarkt in steiermark ’ s train station .
the aparthotel offers a buffet restaurant , a bar and a games room with karaoke .
it comes with a full kitchen , dining area and living area with a flat - screen cable tv . the washing machine , dryer , refrigerator and air conditioning and heating systems can be controlled by the guest .
a coffee maker and minibar are also provided .
all colourful rooms at b & b villa madame feature satellite tv and air conditioning .
every room comes with a tv with satellite channels .
just a few metres from kavos beach in corfu , evgenios studios offers accommodation with free wifi and furnished balcony overlooking the ionian sea .
some guest rooms also include a minibar .
the pondicherry railway station and the pondicherry bus station are 6 km and the chennai international airport is 160 km .
the hotel is a 3 - minute walk from petro tower and a 4 - minute walk from lam son stadium .
a buffet breakfast is served daily using fresh local produce .
a variety of restaurants and cafés can be found within a 5 - minute walk of the hotel .
the restaurant serves international cuisine , including vegetarian and gluten - free options .
towels and bed linen are offered .
with a light colours décor , the air - conditioned accommodations at nascimento feature a fan , tv , minibar and private bathroom .
all are heated and have a private bathroom with a shower . in addition , each one is equipped with an electric kettle .
bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for skiing .
a flat - screen tv and dvd player are available in some units .
chengdu shuangliu airport is a 2 - hour , 30 - minute drive away .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
there is a 24 - hour front desk and shared lounge at the hotel .
guests may relax on the sun loungers of the decked sun terrace by the pool .
this is also a relaxing setting for an afternoon coffee or a romantic , sunset drink .
breakfast is offered daily in the dining area or in the guests ’ rooms .
it offers wine tasting in the private wine cellar .
extras include a desk , bed linen and a fan .
free parking is provided .
guests can exercise at the fitness centre or purchase souvenirs at the gift shop .
chulia heritage hotel is a 5 - minute drive from penang museum , the tourist information centre and fort cornwallis .
each soundproofed room is complete with a balcony and a private bathroom .
jorge chavez international airport is 16 km away .
the semmering ski area is a 45 - minute drive away and the donnerskirchen golf course can be reached within 7 km .
a wine country and scenic hiking trails are also available nearby .
it is just 100 metres from chaumont train station and the town centre .
the bathroom is complete with a shower and a hairdryer .
a fully equipped kitchenette with a dishwasher , and a washing machine is also provided .
garage parking is available on site .
milano marittima is 43 km from villino gioia , while lugo is 37 km from the property .
guests can enjoy the relaxing atmosphere in the open lounge area downstairs , which overlooks the garden .
all rooms offer free wi - fi .
they feature a private terrace with comfortable outdoor seating overlooking the greenery .
other facilities at villa romana include a hot tub and barbecue .
offering a bar and en suite accommodation , tal y don hotel is located in the heart of the small seaside town of barmouth , in gwynedd , north wales .
the property is a great starting point for excursions in solčavsko region .
outdoor parking is available next to the studio .
center parcs erperheide is set in a recreation area in peer and offers private holiday apartments with free access to the aqua mundo indoor water park , 5 restaurants and a range of outdoor activities such as a rope course , climbing , archery and minigolf .
all accommodations options include a tv and bathroom .
half board can be booked at the restaurant .
offering free wi - fi , all rooms have top - quality furnishings .
room service is provided .
the grand rapids art museum and van andel arena are both a 20 - minute drive from the sleep inn grand rapids .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out sunrise beach ( 3 km ) and kalamies beach ( 4 . 7 km ).
nearby attractions range from museums , art galleries and vineyards .
a games room , mini club and playground are available for children .
the uss alabama battleship park is 10 miles away .
sunbathing on a sun terrace , there is shuttle service available at choeng mon garden - 2 bedrooms villa 10 .
free private parking is available on site .
the cherry capital airport and us coast guard air station are both 3 miles from this motel .
you can play tennis and billiards at the hotel . the hotel also offers bike hire both for adults and children .
phat hoc pagoda is 2 km from the property .
extras include a desk .
tec tec restaurant serves gourmet cuisine , and is flexible to prepare dishes outside of set dining hours .
spirit lake municipal airport is 3 km away .
all units include a seating and dining area .
the property offers free wifi in all areas and a large lagoon - shaped aquamarine pool .
located on the beachfront at the seaside promenade in sveti vlas , 5 km from sunny beach and nessebar , hotel palace marina dinevi offers elegantly furnished and comfortable rooms with sea views from the balcony , personalized guest service and free internet access .
there is also a barbecue .
ecological sanctuary is 2 km from the property while madeiro beach is 2 , 5 km .
woodlands is a holiday home situated in calstock , 17 km from plymouth . the property is 49 km from padstow and free private parking is featured .
all of them offer stunning views to the mountains .
other facilities like ski storage are offered .
some units offer views over the garden or the surrounding area .
children can head to the lagoon pool that offers water park features .
towels and bed linen are available .
the comfortable rooms have a flat - screen tv .
for transportation , pierrelatte train station is 25 km away , while access to a7 motorway is possible 30 km away .
featuring a balcony with sea view , all rooms at the view have a private pool .
there is a seating area and a kitchen . a flat - screen tv with satellite channels is featured .
it offers air - conditioned accommodation with a flat - screen tv and balcony .
sikeston factory outlet stores are less than 2 minutes ’ drive away .
rooms here will provide you with a flat - screen tv and air conditioning . complete with a refrigerator , the dining area also has a coffee machine .
there is a well - equipped kitchen with a microwave and an oven .
all rooms at nidi della poiana are comfortably furnished , come with en suite bathrooms and offer modern comforts including lcd tv .
courtyard birmingham downtown at uab rooms include a seating area .
ukhta airport is 5 km away .
a tv and dvd player are featured .
the apartment offers a balcony with city views , a tv , and a living area with a kitchenette .
some apartments have their own private swimming pool and garden .
the spacious villas of crystal water estates feature bright interiors .
yaroslavl ’ s city centre with the yaroslav mudry monument and the transfiguration monastery is 20 minutes ’ ride by public transport , and poligrafkombinat bus stop is 160 metres away .
there is a 24 - hour reception at the property , providing free luggage storage service and free daily maid service .
logroño is 12 km from the hotel , and pamplona , bilbao , and the pretty beaches at san sebastián can be reached in approximately 1 . 5 hours , by car .
amenities include an lcd tv , yukata robes and complimentary green tea .
deauville is 15 km away and free public parking is available nearby .
hotel venetsiya features free wifi throughout the property .
the castellammare del golfo centre is 2 km away and zingaro nature reserve is 14 km from the property .
free wifi internet access is available throughout .
rooms at the hotel oscar are equipped with a tv . each has a private bathroom with shower .
the kitchen is fitted with an oven and a microwave , as well as a coffee machine and a kettle .
the bathroom is provided with free toiletries .
this camping ground features a hot tub , sauna , fishing holes , and a large , fenced outdoor swimming area with sun loungers . it is situated in pouville - sur - mer , 3 km south of dieppe .
offering an outdoor pool , la résidence d ' ankerana is located 20 minutes ' drive from the centre of antananarivo .
the beautiful medieval town of rothenburg ob der tauber is only 7 km away .
this family - run guest house in the centre of görlitz is only about 500 metres from the train station .
fitted with tiled or parquet flooring , air - conditioned rooms include a clothes rack , a desk and a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
privatzimmer feiken is directly located on the danube cycle path and danube hiking trail .
offering an outdoor pool and a daily free breakfast , this lancaster hotel provides free wifi in all rooms .
a launderette is located on - site at the maples waterfront sorrento .
boasting a rooftop pool , studio iracema dragão do mar is a self - catering accommodation located 550 metres from fortaleza ' s praia de iracema beach .
it features an outdoor pool in a private courtyard , a rooftop sun deck and free wifi throughout .
the air - conditioned rooms feature a tv and a fridge .
the accommodation is air conditioned and is equipped with a tv .
other facilities at casa rosa include a furnished terrace .
guests can rent a bicycle at the accommodation .
free parking is available .
hurghada international airport is located 17 km away .
restaurants are 300 metres away and within 1 km , guests can reach a supermarket .
the beach is just 4 minutes ’ walk away .
this accommodation unit comprises a living room with a flat - screen cable tv and a kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
the local area offers a great variety of outdoor activities whether in summer or winter , including hiking .
there is a private bathroom with a bath and free toiletries in each unit . the apartment features free wifi .
chinese dishes are freshly served at the on - site restaurant .
hiking and cycling opportunities are available in the surrounding area .
roma cave suite offers a selection of traditional cave - style rooms built into a hillside in goreme .
a full yorkshire breakfast is served in the elegant dining room overlooking the garden .
only 90 metres from copacabana beach , copacabana apartments 63 offers self - catering accommodations located in rio de janeiro .
fiordland self contained cottages are 5 minutes ’ drive from the te anau wildlife centre . it is 20 minutes ’ drive from lake manapouri . there are several shops and restaurants within 10 minutes ’ drive .
the hotel also offers free 2 - way port transfer upon check - in and check - out .
larnaca airport is approximately at a distance of 100 km . the lively paphos is 25 km away .
toronto pearson international airport is a 15 - minute drive from the north toronto super 8 .
with free wifi , the rooms are elegantly furnished with a minibar and a flat - screen tv with sky channels .
other facilities like water sports facilities are offered .
the hotel will provide you with a tv and a patio . there is also an electric kettle .
there is a possibility to park your car on the road just 50 m from the apartment .
this motel has a bar and a restaurant offering regional dishes and fish specialities .
at les balcons des pyrénées , other facilities offered at the property include entertainment staff , meeting facilities and a shared lounge .
free private parking is available on site .
guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant . free wifi is offered and free private parking is available on site .
cabañas mangai is a 4 - minute walk from the city centre and 18 km from anakena beach .
free access to local pools and jim ’ s gym with discounted classes is available .
in búzios centre , pousada das américas is located 300 metres from canto beach and the lively bars and restaurants of rua das pedras street .
accommodation units are equipped with air conditioning , satellite lcd tv , sound insulation , telephone , bathroom with shower and hairdryer .
the nearest airport is sheremetyevo international airport , 24 km from the property .
black horse and walthamstow railway stations are a 5 - minute drive from the albert .
for guests ’ convenience , the guesthouse provides newspapers , airport transfers and area shuttles .
offering panoramic views over tenerife ’ s playa de las américas , these modern apartments with spa baths are 10 minutes ’ drive from the resort .
the espichel is a 10 - minute drive from the white sand meco beach , and a 15 - minute drive from the albufeira lagoon .
morro do careca hill is 200 metres away .
offering a sea view and outdoor furniture on the terrace , penn sunset villa 4 is a self - catering accommodation located in ko lanta . it features a fully - equipped kitchen and dining table , as well as free wifi .
the nearest restaurant is 500 metres from the koblar rooms .
carcavelos beach is 4 km away and the centre of lisbon is 17 km away . lisbon international airport 21 . 6 km away from the oeiras horizon apartment .
other facilities include an elevator and a billiard .
a balcony or patio are featured in certain rooms .
airport shuttle service as well as car rental is available at the lina guest house on request for a surcharge .
the apartment will provide you with a tv , a seating area and satellite channels as well as an outdoor seating area .
free wi - fi is available in the lobby area .
at hotel los volcanes you will find an airport shuttle from the hotel to the airport , a 24 - hour front desk and a garden .
a bus station is also within 300 metres .
trabzon airport is within 90 km of the property .
it features a terrace and free wifi throughout .
guests can also rent bicycles and watersports facilities and use a sauna at extra charge .
the property can organise excursions in the surrounding hills .
free private parking spaces are available .
each room ' s private bathroom is equipped with a shower and includes a hair dryer .
set less than a 5 - minute drive from ozzero , hotel la pendola offers a bar and classic - style accommodation with air conditioning .
every suite at the albany townplace is equipped with a work desk and separate living room .
a 1 - bedroom apartment , le cardinal offers a bathroom with a spa bath , a hairdryer , free toiletries and a bathrobe .
langdale ferry ramp is 10 minutes ’ drive away .
offering a private beach , parco san marco lifestyle beach resort is on the eastern point of lake lugano , set in extensive park with panoramic views of the lake and the mountains .
cocktails are served at santai lounge .
offering an outdoor pool , pousada le refuge is located 100 metres from praia dos coqueiros beach . free wifi access is available in public areas .
the guest house also offers bike hire .
vitoria is an hour ’ s drive away , while bilbao airport can be reached in 1 . 5 hours by car .
well placed for peterborough and stamford , this hotel has free wi - fi and free parking .
guests of elling briz can relax in the sauna or on the terrace .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with slippers .
a tv , desk and private bathroom are included in every room .
offering beautiful mountain views , it has a free wi - fi zone and free parking .
hotel casa nina is located next to punta popy beach and just 40 minutes ’ drive from el catey international airport .
fresh bread rolls can be delivered to your apartment every morning and a buffet breakfast with homemade products is available as well .
at grand exotica business hotel you will find a concierge desk and terrace .
located just 20 metres from playa hornos beach , this quaint hotel features an outdoor swimming pool and free wi - fi . hotel sevillano is situated only a 5 - minute drive from la quebrada tourist site .
amfiktionos 15a st apt offers self - catering accommodation in limassol , 3 . 6 km from zoo garden .
seasonal japanese multi - course meals are available for dinner .
lviv train station and st . george cathedral are 10 minutes ’ drive from conference hotel suputnyk .
each room at this inn is air conditioned and comes with a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
most rooms enjoy views of mount cervino and the grandes murailles mountain range .
the access to the sauna and the ski school can be booked separately .
there is also an on - site beauty salon , and a billiard club is located in the same building .
there are many shops and markets within walking distance .
alessandria train station is 950 metres from the property . asti is 40 km away .
the outdoor barbecue serves steaks and kebabs .
just a 15 - minute walk from place de bellecour , appartements hôtel de ville - lyon cocoon features self - catering apartments , close to place des terreaux .
the property offers free parking .
rooms are equipped with a private bathroom . for your comfort , you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer .
set in the le panier district of marseille only 450 metres from the old port and 650 metres from colbert metro station , this apartment features free wifi .
it overlooks a large private garden with a hot tub ( available from 14 april 2014 ) and a small flowing beck .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling .
the restaurant features a spacious terrace where guests can dine while overlooking the lush surroundings .
all apartments have a furnished balcony looking out to the green garden of the hotel .
within a 3 - minute drive , 4 restaurants can be found .
ataturk airport is 21 km away .
in the vicinity of mondi ' s guest house guests can enjoy activities like swimming , snorkeling and cycling .
it has a living room with a fireplace , sofa , and tv ; and both double and triple rooms are in the upper floor .
other services include laundry and bicycle rental .
guests can enjoy a drink at the on - site bar .
featuring free wifi , apartamentos calle nueva is located in málaga , 100 metres from calle larios . malaga cathedral is 200 metres from the property .
offering comfortable , well - equipped accommodation and first - class cuisine , the landhaus hohenlohe hotel makes an ideal base for exploring the lovely region of schwäbisch hall .
the self - catering studio is serviced by a lift and includes a fully equipped kitchen and a seating area with a flat - screen tv .
it has 365 feet of private beach .
main bus station and ferry port are located 3 km from the sea shore apartments .
each room is equipped with air conditioning , and guests enjoy 24 - hour access to the reception .
you can enjoy city view from the room .
a weekly program including guided hiking tours and night walks , and a children ' s entertainment program are available as well .
spalding is home to restaurants , pubs , and shops .
there are two common kitchens that include all the necessary kitchenware , as well as a stove , a refrigerator and a microwave .
the bathroom comes with a shower .
each room here will provide you with a satellite tv and a dvd player .
free wifi access is available .
the coastal town of belmullet is 15 km from the property .
located in cannes , homerez - apartment avenue du docteur raymond picaud offers an outdoor pool .
a balcony is provided .
the nearest airport is naples international airport , 7 km from the property .
cape town international airport is located 68 km away .
the hotel is close to blackpool ’ s golden mile and the promenade .
air conditioning and satellite tv are standard .
a flat - screen tv is available .
appenzell is 11 km away , and st .
every private bathroom comes with a shower .
main landmarks and sites are within walking distance of teatro bellini bed and breakfast .
at days inn bar harbor you will find a 24 - hour front desk .
some rooms overlook the landscaped garden .
the house has free wifi and comes with a full kitchen , seating area and a furnished terrace overlooking the gardens .
pula airport is located 52 km away .
all rooms at the 3 - star hotel die tanne have a private bathroom , cable tv and a minibar .
adjacent to saint - laurent river , this charming bed and breakfast is located in the historical cap blanc district .
just 500 metres from tianyi square , city 118 qingdao chengyang ( zhengyang road ) hotel offers a variety of rooms and suites with free wired internet . featuring a restaurant , it has a 24 - hour front desk and free private parking .
take a dip in one of the 2 swimming pools in the complex , which boast sea views .
located next to naudersberg castle , hotel berghof offers private transfers to the bergkastel cable car , ski - to - door access , and free wi - fi .
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven , where guests can prepare home - cooked meals .
the nearest airport is schiphol airport , 7 km from the property .
hotel lucheng is a 3 - minute drive from yandang mountain , and a 20 - minute drive from wenzhou train station . the wenzhou yongqiang airport is a 30 - minute drive away .
at vörösmál vendégház you will find barbecue facilities .
wiener stadthalle , an event location , is 700 metres from the apartment koppstrasse , and the westbahnhof train station is 1 . 5 km away .
you can enjoy city views and garden views .
the alsterdorf sports hall , the open - air stage in the town park and the alsterwanderweg ( alster hiking trail ) are just a short walk away .
featuring free wifi , guesthouse zhemchuzhina offers accommodation in loo .
apartment permskie medvedy is set in perm , 3 . 4 km from galereya shopping centre .
the en suite bathroom is equipped with a bathtub .
times square mall and kool runnings waterpark are each a short distance from the villa .
the bathroom comes with a shower .
the small but lively fishing port of baltimore is just a 10 - minute walk away from channel view .
holiday home vinkelbæk nordborg xi also offers a sauna , a whirlpool and a children ' s playground .
be sure to explore the area ' s attractions , such as the local market , just 300 metres away , and the tarapoto main square , a 5 minute car ride away .
a sweet and savoury breakfast is provided daily , and guests have discounts at nearby restaurants plus pizzerias .
featuring air - conditioned rooms with a flat - screen tv , vale hotel aitkenvale boasts a bistro , a bar and an indoor children ’ s playground .
free wifi is available throughout the entire property .
they feature a separate dining and seating area with a sofa lounge and flat - screen tv . each apartment has a tea - and - coffee maker , fridge and a private bathroom .
at guest house mila , guests can also enjoy a garden and a terrace .
it occupies a historic engadine - style building and offers rooms with panoramic mountain views .
the taman tasik titiwangsa park is a 15 - minute drive from mansion cameo , while the kuala lumpur international airport is 70 km away .
on the other side of the park , you will find the hanover zoo .
treviso airport is 115 km from the property .
free private parking is provided directly at the hotel garni sallerhof .
nizhny novgorod train station is within a 10 - minute drive of apartments on tverskaya and nizhny novgorod international airport is 22 km away .
ilhabela island centre , with bars , shops and restaurants , is 10 km from this property .
close by lies lake constance , as well as the swiss and austrian borders .
it offers free access at haga health club spa , a restaurant and spacious rooms with free wifi .
some suites may have a flat - screen tv .
featuring free wifi and a barbecue , yeiskwind mini - hotel offers pet - friendly accommodation in yeysk . guests can enjoy the on - site bar .
it offers stunning views over the weaver hills .
the kitchens have microwave , stove , fridge and barbecue .
lellizzick bed & breakfast is located in a grade ii listed elizabethan farmhouse on a peninsula in cornwall .
all rooms include air conditioning and flat - screen satellite tv .
jolly roger amusement park is 3 miles away .
luggage storage and newspapers are available at the 24 - hour front desk .
mumbai airport is 165 km away .
onehome yalong international hotel is a 10 - minute drive from the expo and a 20 - minute drive from the bund .
the elkhorn golf club is a short walk away .
como nord lago train station is 4 km from casa stella .
pelagos apartments is situated 20 metres from the beach of kampos marathokampos in samos and features a swimming pool and free wi - fi .
juniata college is conveniently located one mile from the hotel .
tennis , mini golf and table tennis can be enjoyed in astoria hotel .
kievo - pechyorskaya lavra is 16 km away , and boryspil international airport is 35 km from the hotel .
it offers affordable accommodation with a restaurant , a fitness room and free parking onsite .
the staroměstská metro station is 500 metres away .
at ayu guest house guests will find shared kitchen and living room .
peacefully located in sinaia within a 5 - minute walk to the ski lift and the city centre , pension tv condor offers free wifi access in all areas .
car hire is available at the property and the area is popular for snorkelling .
many bars , shops and restaurants can be found next to the apartment and the sacré - coeur basilica is just a few minutes ’ walk away .
lang shan mountain is 2 km away from this property .
a continental breakfast is provided at this spanish - style hotel .
the kitchen is fitted with an oven and a fridge .
there is a seating and / or dining area in some units .
featuring a unique medieval design , hotel plaza del castillo has a distinctive façade resembling a castle and beautiful ornate gardens .
tenerife sur airport is 30 km away .
guests can stay in self - catering homes with a private garden or terrace .
located 2 km from aqualandia , roru offers pet - friendly accommodation in lido di jesolo . the air - conditioned unit is 1 km from pista azzurra - karting .
rooms offer ocean and mountain views .
guests can approach the tour desk for day trips arrangements .
the on - site restaurant serves variety of meals .
these classic - style holiday homes come with a washing machine , a flat - screen tv , and a kitchenette with a dishwasher . each has a bathroom with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
meeting facilities , laundry and an ironing service are offered for an extra charge .
guests can head to the 24 - hour reception for assistance with luggage storage , laundry , car rental and airport shuttle services .
the apartments are fan - cooled and feature seating and dining areas .
porto de iracema beaches is 300 metres from monsenhor tabosa handcraft market and 2 km from fortaleza city centre .
there is a kitchen with a microwave and an oven .
grand harbour hotel features free wifi .
the private bathroom comes with a bath , and towels and linen are provided .
it also has 2 bedrooms with large windows and 2 bathrooms .
air - conditioned rooms here will provide you with a satellite tv .
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave . the private bathrooms come with a bath or shower .
the private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower and bathrobes .
a tv and hairdryer are available upon request .
rooms are air - conditioned , and feature a flat - screen tv with cable channels , a wardrobe and a minibar .
amenities may include hydromassage showers and furnished terraces .
guests can start the day with a full buffet breakfast including colombian coffee and tropical fruits .
comfort hotel alba is close to rouen ’ s historical attractions such as the gros horloge monument which is a 7 - minute walk away and the joan of arc tower , 13 minutes on foot .
free private parking is also available .
there are excellent conference and banqueting facilities .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
guangzhou ange apartment is located in guangzhou and offers self - catering accommodation .
free parking is available for cars and bicycles .
a wood - burning stove is also included .
the air - conditioned unit is 37 km from split and provides views of the cetina river canyon .
the nearest airport is astana international airport , 12 km from apartments on severnoe siyanie .
each air - conditioned apartment at stanze del lago comes with a separate living room with lcd satellite tv and dvd player , as well as a sofa or sofa bed .
for meals , enjoy thai and russian cuisines at the on - site u ksenii restaurant .
this bungalow comes with a seating and dining area including a flat - screen tv and a fireplace , while outside there is a furnished terrace with a parasol .
car and bike rental service is also available for guests who wish to explore the area .
parking is free of charge .
public parking is possible in the surrounding area .
cadaqués is 30 km from appartement arago , while perpignan is 27 km from the property .
each room here will provide you with a flat - screen tv , a fridge and air conditioning .
free wifi access is available in this holiday home .
hotel grüner baum has traditional , franconian - style rooms with furniture made from pine wood .
private parking is available on site .
there is an outdoor dining area for guests to enjoy .
tripoli is 36 km from houdis houses , while argos is 25 km from the property .
pousada campos de provence is located 4 blocks from capivari centre in campos do jordão .
other facilities like grocery deliveries and a games room are offered .
guests have access to a public bike hire station in front of the hotel .
it is located 700 metres from the cathedral and 550 metres from the edge of river rhône .
la maisonnette alsacienne is 3 km from the centre of strasbourg .
the nearest airport is surat thani airport , 22 km from the property .
this 3 - star - superior hotel offers free wifi and a 24 - hour bar . it is 3 minutes from the a4 motorway and 10 minutes from central dresden and dresden airport .
breakfast is available in the hacienda mérida ’ s à la carte restaurant .
on - site parking is provided free of charge .
at le chalet you will find a small tropical garden and terrace area with table and chairs .
several activities can be enjoyed in the area , such as hiking , cycling and walking .
some have a seating area as well .
all rooms at hostel helsingborg have a shared bathroom and a work desk .
this modern split - level house is located in a courtyard from 1850 in den haag city centre .
browse the free wi - fi .
offering a free exclusive spa and à la carte restaurant , hotel aurora & del benessere is 100 metres from santa cesarea terme ’ s thermal baths .
apartamenty zielone tarasy – sunseasons24 are located 450 metres from the kołobrzeg amphitheatre .
full english breakfast is served every morning .
locanda cugnanello features free wifi throughout the property .
the nearest airport is ngurah rai international airport , 29 km from the property .
room service can be requested for in - room dining comforts .
centrally located in bangkok , the bangkokians garden home offers cosy rooms , a luscious garden and free wifi . this guesthouse is 600 metres from wholesale market ( pratunam ), 900 metres from bts - victory monument and 1 . 0 km from bts - phaya thai .
this chalet is 88 km from thalerhof airport .
they include a seating area , a dining area , and a kitchen .
samara inn hotel is 5 blocks from samara ́ s main street , featuring restaurants , bars and boutiques .
e - outfitting resort is 6 minutes ' drive from chiang mai international airport and 8 minutes ' drive from chiang mai gate .
the bright apartment features leather furniture and a kitchen with a nespresso ® coffee machine .
breakfast is provided each morning , and the hotel restaurant serves a range of regional cuisine in the evenings .
free wifi is offered .
operating a 24 - hour front desk , swiss - belhotel borneo features a gym and meeting / banqueting facilities .
bed & breakfast is a completely non - smoking guest house which offers cosy accommodation in these beautifully tranquil surroundings .
the beach is just 2 minutes ’ walk from this hotel .
nearby national parks include gran paradiso and mont avic .
free private parking is also available at this apartment .
the on - site restaurant serves fusion cuisine and typical costa rican dishes , made with local ingredients .
it serves a buffet breakfast every morning and features a fitness center and a heated indoor pool .
other guest services include shoe shines and childcare .
the resort also provides car hire services and free parking .
the chalet is suitable for 5 adults and it boasts a " western american ski lodge " style ; it features animal skin rugs , and a private decking area with table / chairs and bbq facilities .
the restaurant serves local specialities including homemade foie gras .
located on krabi island , fahthai villa is a short 10 - minute walk from the beach .
la dolce vita hotel is a 15 - minute walk from rimini train station , while riccione is 11 km away .
the 4 - bedroom house features a terrace with barbecue facilities and ocean views .
a flat - screen tv and dvd player is featured .
free wifi is offered .
the kitchen features a dishwasher .
traditional breakfast options are available at gibtel lodge ’ s cafe , with lunch and evening meals also provided .
just 100 metres from a pretty black sea beach in the town of gelendzhik , mechta offers elegant rooms with a flat - screen tv . highlights include a café - restaurant and a sauna .
a spa centre can be found just 20 metres from villa verde and the bansko bus station is 500 metres away .
an indoor pool and hot tub are offered at lake geneva mill creek hotel .
a small restaurant serves small , regional baden - württemberg dishes in the evenings and can be enjoyed on the hotel ’ s terrace .
every morning , guests can enjoy a continental breakfast , which includes home madebread and cakes and local cured meats .
the city of hereford , which lies on the river wye , is a 10 - minute drive away , and cheltenham , with its famous racecourse , is 45 miles from the property .
with this card , guests can use all public buses , swimming pools and cable cars for free .
there is the on - site bar at the property .
you can catch a boat to the islands of ponza and ventotene from the marina 5 minutes ' drive away .
acapulco park has its own bar , set in the gardens .
suvarnabhumi airport is a 40 - minute drive away .
cross - country ski trails pass by the property , and the local ski lift is just 250 metres away and offers access to the ski amadé ski region .
it is also possible to enjoy meals outside on the furnished terrace .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer .
dining options include rasika that serves vegetarian indian delights .
meals can also be provided in the comfort of guests ’ rooms .
guest house lovcen is located in cetinje .
cable tv along with a flat - screen tv is provided .
rooms here are fitted with air conditioning , a flat - screen cable tv , fridge and tea / coffee maker .
private bathrooms also come with a shower .
during the high season , guests will be able to enjoy homemade food in the on - site restaurant for dinner .
featuring a hairdryer , private bathrooms also come with towels .
wattay international airport is a 30 - minute drive away .
offering a garden and sun terrace , rony faical apartment is situated in tunis , 5 km from belvedre parc . habib bourguiba avenue is 6 km from the property .
free wifi access is available .
there is a fireplace in the sitting area offering the ideal scenario to listen to music or watch a film .
after a day of sightseeing , guests can relax at the indoor pool or enjoy the fitness centre .
comfortable apartment city centre delft is about 90 m2 .
the apartments boasts views of the old town of sarajevo including gazi husrev - beg mosque .
your room at the grand hotel comes with free wi - fi , an lcd tv and radio , air conditioning , and minibar .
located in simard , la maison du l . a . c offers a 1 - hectare garden , a terrace and bbq facilities .
to valsamo offers pet - friendly accommodation in mariaí .
some rooms have a satellite tv and free wifi , some have free wired internet .
desert trails golf course is 2 miles from this hotel .
the restaurant is open for lunch and dinner . it offers regional and national cuisine with special menus on request .
located in villié - morgon , in the heart of beaujolais , gîte le chêne du py offers self - catering accommodation featuring a garden and a terrace .
free wifi access is available in the rooms .
adler - sochi international airport is 39 km from the property .
it features free wi - fi in all areas .
guests can also find a jewellery shop and the largest conference centre in cyclades .
a tv , fridge and work desk await guests in each of the air - conditioned , colourful rooms at the galant hotel . many include a seating area and classical - style curtains .
fitted with clean linen sheets , air - conditioned rooms are furnished with heating facilities and a seating area .
visit the famous ehrenbreitstein coblenz fortress and take a ride on cable car coblenz both just 1 km across the river rhein , or enjoy cycling and hiking in the surrounding area .
there is a restaurant offering regional and international dishes , and drinks from the bar can be enjoyed by the pool .
each unit features a tv , seating area and garden view .
the kitchen features a dishwasher , an oven and a microwave , as well as a coffee machine and a kettle .
the rooms and suites offer air conditioning , a tv and balcony .
you will find a shared kitchen at the property .
nearby there is a possibility to go fishing , cycling and enjoy walk on the beach .
set in saint petersburg , this apartment features free wifi . guests benefit from balcony .
the nearest airport is edinburgh airport located 10 miles away , and the nearest train station is 2 miles away .
several bars and restaurants are within a 10 - minute walk of the property .
each bedroom at haga värdshus has a modern décor and features a private bathroom with a hairdryer . rooms also come with a flat - screen tv , a kettle and a desk .
excursions and guided tours are proposed by the staff and free transfer from the airport is offered with a 4 - night stay .
the nearest airport is rome ciampino airport , 18 km from arts & holidayhouse vatican 1 .
free private parking is available at the holiday home , and it is 450 metres to werder ( havel ) train station .
tashkent international airport is 4 km from the property , while tashkent train station is 2 . 7 km away .
bursa ataturk stadium is 1 . 5 km from the hotel . bursa bus terminal is less 10 km away .
the 24 - hour reception has a ticket service and can also arrange shuttles to pulkovo airport , a 35 - minute drive away .
it features a wellness area with an outdoor swimming pool and a restaurant serving hungarian and international cuisine .
the lofoten aquarium , the lofoten museum and the espolin art gallery are less than a 20 - minute drive away .
holiday home harestien væggerløse ix is located in væggerløse . the holiday home can accommodate up to 8 persons .
bicycle storage is available .
the private bathroom has a bath or shower .
private parking spaces are available on site free of charge .
it offers a tour desk , a library and a bar .
the house can accommodate up to six persons .
located in the bellevue area south of saint - etienne , hôtel du midi offers orignal décor , inspired from the 1930s . direct access to the town centre is possible from bellevue tram stop , situated just next to the hotel and the reception is open 24 - hours a day .
air - conditioned guest rooms with a cable tv , a microwave , and a refrigerator are available at best western zachary inn .
the unit is 1 . 9 km from rustaveli theatre .
holy mother virgins nativity cathedral is 1 . 1 km from apartment on takaishvili , while piazza is 1 . 4 km from the property . the nearest airport is batumi international airport , 5 km from the property .
there is a seating area , a dining area and a kitchen .
bicycle rental is available for free .
consulting rooms of the spa physicians can be found in the close - by sister hotel as well .
the aquamarina apartment is spacious and comes with a comfortable living room and a fully equipped kitchenette with a separate dining area .
towels and bed linen are featured in this apartment .
downtown ventura , california is 20 minutes from hampton inn & suites camarillo .
apartment diagonal mar is a classic - style apartment located in barcelona .
featuring air - conditioning and free wifi , 27 concubine lane is a restored chinese family house that offers accommodation in ipoh . it is a short walk from the ipoh railway station and many local restaurants .
regional specialities are served in the hotel ’ s 2 cosy dining areas and in the idyllic beer garden .
l ' ile de sees is located a 30 - minute drive north of alençon and just 6 km from the centre of sées .
some rooms have sea views .
the bathroom comes with a shower .
offering private beach access , barbecue facilities are available on - site .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and towels .
all have a kitchenette , living room and a flat - screen lcd tv .
whether a guest is staying on business or leisure , travelling with a group or with his family and children , or looking forward to an activity holiday – he will feel at home in the warmly inviting ambience of our hotel .
at the property a vending machine selling snacks and drinks is also available .
quarteira has renowned beaches , seafront bars and a variety of shops and restaurants , all at a 16 - minute drive .
finisterre and its lighthouse are 13 km and you can drive to santiago de compostela in 80 minutes .
the corlu airport is 35 km from the hotel , while the ataturk airport is 75 km away .
located in the arbor lakes shopping and entertainment district and close to many area attractions , this hotel in maple grove , minnesota features an on - site weekend water park .
all apartments provide an equipped kitchen with dining area and there is a private bathroom also with a shower .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling , fishing and hiking .
cocopah indian tribe museum is a 20 - minute drive from the hotel .
special facilities for differently abled guests are provided .
a tv with cable channels , an iron and a minibar are included in the air - conditioned rooms .
other facilities offered at the landhotel oberlausitz include billiards , a children ’ s playground and a solarium .
guests are welcomed with traditional refreshments .
featuring coco - mat mattresses , all apartments open to a furnished balcony with pool and garden views .
the inn has original features and traditional charm .
in - room facilities include a flat - screen tv and hairdryer .
the nearest airport is goa international airport , 18 km from the property .
the rustic restaurant offers swabian specialities and international dishes with high - quality seasonal and game ingredients when they are available .
the nearest airport is kurumoch international airport , 50 km from the property .
the nearest airport is bali denpasar international airport , 28 km from sadri bungalow .
some have a balcony .
aveiro is 45 km from apartment arcozelo , while póvoa de varzim is 39 km away .
cooked breakfast is also available .
the geneva airport holiday inn express features a bar , a business centre with internet access , an underground car park , and outdoor parking .
valentine & elise is less than a 10 - minute drive from the eu district and the nato headquarters .
set 1 . 5 km from the centre of taormina , panoramic apartments taormina offers a garden , terrace and self - catering accommodation with a balcony or terrace with ionian sea views .
local joliet restaurants and cocktail lounges include al ' s steakhouse , bob evans , david ' s italian cuisine , old country buffet , earl ' s , secrets and syl ' s .
within a 2 - minute walk you can reach the city ' s most beautiful park .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a bath or shower .
the nearest airport is chiang mai international airport , 85 km from the property .
tea / coffee making facilities are provided .
a washing machine and dryer can be used for an additional charge .
it has an outdoor pool and offers guestrooms with balconies .
lucca is a 30 - minute drive from the california park , while viareggio is 20 km away .
cottage house helena is surrounded by a green garden .
civitanova marche is 24 km from la casa di ale , while macerata is 38 km from the property .
shops and a restaurant can be found within 50 metres from the property .
they have plenty of natural light .
the living room comes with comfortable sofas and a tv .
in the winter , ski storage is free .
the hotel is within walking distance of the new delhi railway station , while the international and domestic airports are 12 km away .
accommodation will provide you with a tv , a balcony and a seating area .
eagle bahn gondola is 5 minutes ’ walk from the holiday home .
the property is only 850 m from the water and dining options may be found within 2 km .
this homestay is 18 km from porto airport .
a restaurant service and cooking courses are also available .
the property is located a 10 - minute drive from federico fellini international airport .
faro airport is 84 km away .
at modrzewiowy dwór you will find a 24 - hour front desk .
the nearest airport is rome ciampino airport , 24 km from agriturismo tre acque .
other facilities include a gym with modern cardiovascular equipment , a steam bath , and a sauna .
situated in saratoga springs , new york , 1 . 4 km from the national museum of racing and hall of fame , saratoga casino hotel has an on - site casino and a restaurant .
liverpool lime street station is 1 . 5 miles away , while liverpool central can be reached in 15 minutes by foot .
all rooms have a shared bathroom with a shower , while a common lounge is at guests ' disposal .
each room has access to shared bathroom facilities , which come with free toiletries and bathrobes .
hilo airport is 4 km from the property .
at alcheringa you will find a garden and a terrace .
a sweet and savoury breakfast is available in the morning and consists of homemade jams , pizza and cakes .
it is also less than a 10 - minute walk from the bustling silom road .
a russian banya and massage service are offered here .
breakfast is served at the on - site restaurant .
rooms at the gut bardenhagen are decorated in a contemporary colour scheme and feature large windows and stylish interiors throughout .
all units come with a satellite tv , electric kettle , clothes rack , electric blankets and bathroom with a shower .
grocery shops and restaurants can be found within walking distance and free wifi access is provided in the apartment .
it boasts elegant apartments with free internet and a little garden where guests can relax .
the boutique place is located within bangkok ' s pratunam market , surrounded by fast food outlets and local street stalls .
all types of bar and restaurants can be found within walking distance .
the accommodation is equipped with a flat - screen tv .
boasting a private garden with shaded dining area , the costa santa margherita by klabhouse is an independent apartment in santa margherita ligure .
the hotel offers an indoor pool and rooms with a flat - screen tv .
the town centre with shops and restaurants is within the same distance from pradella .
at cornely mühle you will find a garden and barbeque facilities .
each air - conditioned room at motel 6 chino - los angeles area features an en suite bathroom .
it offers free wi - fi in all areas and air - conditioned units with a balcony .
with a flat - screen tv , rooms have a private bathroom with a shower .
the nearest skate - park is 2 km away .
free private parking is available on site .
there is a shared kitchen at the property .
each unit is well equipped with a coffee machine , personal safe and an attached bathroom .
the private bathroom is complete with a shower and hairdryer .
the apartment comes with modern decor and an open - plan lounge and dining area .
hôtel madeleine haussmann is located 550 metres from saint lazare train station .
the property features a private swimming pool .
you can fish in the river ( bringing your own ), relax outdoors , and enjoy free wi - fi throughout the building .
at mesari beach inn & stables you will find a terrace .
it offers free wi - fi , soundproofed rooms with cable tv , and free private parking .
the apartment at 10 warren mews has simple , modern décor . there is a lounge area with a flat - screen tv and a kitchen including a microwave , fridge , kettle , toaster , oven , hob and a toaster .
central hotel runs a 24 - hour front desk and also offers a fitness centre .
a private bathroom features a shower with available towels in each non - smoking room .
kashtan guest house is situated in sochi , 1 . 8 km from gorki gorod ski resort and 3 km from gazprom ski resort .
this hotel is located in herrieden .
located in the heart of neumarkt ’ s pedestrianised old town district , this privately run hotel offers comfortable rooms and a friendly atmosphere , just 700 metres from the main railway station .
fitted with tiled flooring , rooms at pooja palace feature air conditioning and a tv with satellite channels .
the room comes equipped with satellite tv , as well as with a fridge and a kettle .
it offers free wifi internet access , free private parking and a large terrace .
the house has free wi - fi , a terrace and flat - screen tv .
free wifi access is available in this holiday home .
there is also a finnish sauna and a russian steam room .
travelodge sacramento / rancho cordova is just 2 miles from mather air force base .
de zilte zeeuw is a hotel in the centre of a picturesque village on noord beveland in the province of zeeland , only 10 minutes from delta werken by car .
it offers cottages with private patios and kitchen facilities .
the ridgeland holiday inn express has a front desk that is open 24 hours a day .
this hillside property features free wi - fi and offers a range of outdoor activities .
the property offers free parking .
crescent villa is about 3 km from i ̇ ztuzu beach , a naturalistic oasis famous for its loggerhead turtles .
set on the shores of lake comabbio , residence montelago offers rustic accommodation with free wi - fi and views of the lake . the property is located along the cycling track connecting lake comabbio and lake varese .
a small selection of shops , supermarkets and traditional restaurant can be found in the small village of inca , 2 minutes ’ drive from the house .
it is approximately 1 . 5 km from bongeunsa temple .
free wifi access is available throughout the property .
pergola sea rock restaurant offers italian dishes and seafood specialities , as well as a privileged sunset point .
each room comes with a flat - screen tv .
it includes a library area and a small japanese stone garden .
guests have access to a games room with a pool table .
at only 4 km from brescia ’ s centre , it offers rooms with flat - screen satellite tv and private bathroom .
this holiday home is 82 km from mattala rajapaksa international airport .
a microwave and kettle are also featured .
rooms are simply decorated and include a cable tv , air conditioning and a private bathroom with a hairdryer .
there is a safe , private bathroom and a kitchenette with a fridge , microwave and coffee maker .
the non - smoking bodensee - hotel sonnenhof has elegant rooms and suites with wooden floors , cable tv and a minibar .
you can find banks , restaurants and supermarkets within a 5 - minute drive .
free public parking is possible on site .
there is a large public bath within the property .
there is a small , cosy lounge as well as 2 attractive patios filled with flowers .
breakfast can be ordered from reception at a surcharge , and guests can choose from continental to traditional breakfast .
breakfast is a continental buffet , available every morning .
it offers an outdoor pool as well as a tennis court .
towels and bed linen are available in this apartment .
a flat - screen tv is available .
certain units feature a seating area to relax in after a busy day .
there is a seating area and a kitchen .
the nearest airport is pulkovo airport , 15 km from modern and comfortable apartment - studio .
free private parking is offered at the hotel , and staff are on hand to provide local area information .
the hotel is less than 15 km from the famous blue lagoon beach .
rooms at netuno guest house provide a tv and a wardrobe , plus bed linens and bath towels . the private bathroom includes a shower .
casa acquario chic offers accommodation in genoa , a 5 - minute walk from piazza de ferrari .
guests will also enjoy the free daily breakfast as well as the modern fitness centre , complete with an outdoor swimming pool .
privatzimmer am rathaus is set in the mitte district in kassel , 400 metres from museum brothers grimm and 6 km from bergpark wilhelmshoehe .
vitoria airport is 45 minutes ' drive away .
it offers a peaceful garden and traditionally furnished studios and apartments with tyrrhenian sea views .
other facilities offered at the property include a tour desk .
it has a 24 - hour reception and air - conditioned rooms with free wi - fi .
some units feature views of the mountains or pool .
a transfer from and to airport karlovy vary , which is 10 km away , can also be organised for a charge .
upon prior reservation , dinners with local produce can be enjoyed in the dining room , which offers a panoramic view of the surrounding nature .
free wi - fi access is available .
casa rosada is located only 5 minutes ' drive from ferro e del chiodo museum and a 10 - minute drive from the forno di zoldo town centre .
noosa heads is a 3 - minute drive away .
haus aperies is a self - catering accommodation centrally located in pettneu am arlberg . free wifi access and free private parking are available .
the property offers free parking .
it features self - catering accommodation with free wi - fi and balcony overlooking the mediterranean sea .
all have a modern bathroom with a shower cabin .
piazza duomo is 500 metres from this property which also features free wifi throughout .
the 13th - century børglum abbey is 5 km away , while lønstrup and fårup sommerland theme park are within 25 minutes ’ drive .
a microwave , refrigerator , and cable tv are featured in every guest room at the budget inn herkimer .
a 9 - hole golf course with driving range is 1 km away and within a 15 - minute drive you can reach 2 18 - hole golf courses .
the accommodation features a living room with a fully - equipped kitchenette .
the restaurant serves a daily buffet breakfast and a variety of regional dishes .
a car can be rented for sightseeing .
the bedrooms include a wardrobe and the private bathroom comes with a bath or a shower .
the en suite rooms are of various sizes and include tv and tea / coffee .
the nearest airport is palma de mallorca airport , 8 km from the property .
free parking is available on site .
the hotel is 6 . 3 km from tarabita . pelileo is 20 minutes ’ drive from hostal grand rio .
just 15 minutes from helexpo exhibition centre , le palace enjoys proximity to business as well as leisure venues .
this non - smoking property features laundry and fax / photocopying services . they include heating facilities and luggage storage space .
orbitur ’ s modern bungalows and apartments include a seating area with a tv . each has a colourful red décor and wooden floors .
a refrigerator with minibar and a work desk are provided .
each one features a private bathroom , an lcd tv and a small refrigerator .
sopot is 42 km from willa koral , while gdynia is 34 km away .
the hotel apollon is located between the centre of valtice and the valtice mesto train station .
there are 2 bathrooms including bath tub and shower , and the kitchen - dining room is equipped with a small table , microwave , stove and dishwasher .
hôtel ellington is 1 km from nice ' s old town and 1 . 5 km from acropolis congress centre . nice etoile shopping centre is 250 metres away and nice - ville train station is 1 km away .
guests can enjoy free all - day tea and coffee on site .
it offers en suite accommodation , a fitness room and free japanese - style body treatments on thursdays .
a restaurant and shops , as well as a tennis court and bowling facilities are reachable within a 2 - minute walk .
at night the whole neighbourhood becomes alive with a bar at every corner .
a buffet breakfast is served each morning in the breakfast room .
shuyu hotel wuxi is a 10 - minute drive from taibo temple , a 20 - minute drive from wuxi railway station and a 30 - minute drive from sunan shuofang international airport .
located 1 . 1 km from tsunami memorial - rue tor 813 in khao lak , this holiday home features a terrace with pool views .
in addition , each room provides a seating area and a private bathroom .
you will find a shared lounge at the property .
bed linen is offered .
en suite bathrooms come with bathtubs .
the nearest airport is delhi international airport , 5 km from hotel delhi marine club c6 vasant kunj .
at the end of the day , enjoy luxurious bedding including down comforters , custom duvets and cotton - rich linen at the mystic marriott hotel and spa .
snacks can be bought from the fridge in the kitchen .
located in agropoli , 41 km from salerno , anna features a restaurant , bar and free wifi . guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant .
with a mountain - style décor , each en suite room at châlet hôtel d ' ailefroide has a mountain and garden view .
free wifi is offered .
other dining options include kyoto japanese restaurant , the harp bar and blue poolside restaurant & bar .
a flat - screen tv and a patio come with each room the bridge inn – bridgehampton . guestrooms also feature a private entrance , a microwave and a refrigerator .
some rooms feature a seating area for your convenience . a terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms .
guests can enjoy a relaxing massage or use the computer at the reception .
calimera is 46 km from casa vacanze largo delle rose , while santa cesarea terme is 28 km away .
queensland raceway is a 10 - minute drive away .
the st . peter and paul church and the gorky museum are just a 10 - minute walk from the hotel .
offering an outdoor pool and a restaurant , sentrim boulevard hotel is located in nairobi .
it offers a free ski storage and apartments with free wi - fi access .
mini markets , bars and restaurants can be found within 50 metres away .
surrounded by scenic countryside , the inn is a 15 - minute drive from grassington .
orenburg tsentralny airport is 23 km away .
rooms in hotel real monasterio de san zoilo look onto the beautiful gardens .
the bar serves a range of exotic cocktails .
guests can enjoy the on - site bar .
the accommodation will provide you with a balcony . there is a full kitchen with an oven and a refrigerator .
the baltic sea is located 1 . 5 km from the upmalnieki .
rooms feature a garden view and charming furnishings .
there is also a shared terrace with views of the city .
the garden includes barbecue facilities , and free private parking is available on site .
at morska sreshta guest house you will find a garden , a terrace and a shared kitchen .
all units have design furnishings and a contemporary style , and studios also have a fully equipped kitchenette .
the ferry port and the main bus and train stations are 1 . 2 km away .
leelawadee boutique hotel also has an on - site restaurant that serves a delicious a la carte menu .
special diets can also be catered for .
achko enia offers apartments located a 15 - minute walk from biarritz centre and great beach .
au clos du logis offers bed and breakfast accommodation in the countryside , 20 km from berck - sur - mer and its beaches .
pousada das rosas features a terrace , which boasts panoramic mountain views , and rooms with central heating .
several rooms have windows overlooking the stone - paved flower courtyard , while some have balcony with view of the streets of chania .
bavaria film studios and the historic city of munich can be reached within 45 minutes by car .
every morning , pateo do morgado serves a continental breakfast .
the rooms at the zum kerkermeister are kept in a traditional but modern design .
alexanderplatz with its shopping opportunities is easily reached by public transport , as is the brandenburg gate and the unesco museum island .
offering an outdoor pool and free wi - fi , poggio dei michelazzi is surrounded by the tuscan countryside . this property features a garden with bbq facilities and produces its own vegetables , olive oil and wine .
essaouira mogador airport is 15 km away .
there is a seating area and a kitchen as well as a private bathroom .
the guesthouse has a typical andalusian courtyard and sun terrace . there is a seating area with plants .
offering a balcony with a view of the sava river and belgrade , home away from home apartment is located in the city centre and provides air - conditioned accommodation with free wifi access .
conveniently located a 5 - minute walk from the main square of cusco , hostal umiña cusco offers accommodations with free wi - fi access .
humewood beach is a 5 - minute drive away from st . phillips .
the kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher and an oven and there is a private bathroom .
other facilities include a fireplace , trampoline and a children ' s playground . free parking space is available on site .
a tour desk , bicycle rental and a safe are available at center valencia ’ s reception .
alternatively , you can visit the nearby health resort of treuchtlingen , only 3km away .
all rooms have shared bathroom facilities .
hiking can be enjoyed in the surroundings .
this hotel in kaiserslautern offers free parking and stylish rooms with free wi - fi access available throughout .
it offers soundproofed rooms with an lcd tv , free wi - fi , and hypoallergenic carpeted floors .
the room comes with a flat - screen tv .
elite palace hotel ’ s modern rooms all feature cable tv , a minibar , along with a work desk and seating area .
it features self - catering apartments with laundry and daily housekeeping service .
the property offers free parking .
guests receive their own key , so you can come and go as you please .
batumi railway station is 6 km from eurasia hotel , while batumi international airport is 2 km away .
free wifi is provided in the entire building .
set within a large , guarded park , grand studio design l ' argentière offers modernly decorated accommodation with a fully equipped kitchen . it is located 1 km away from frejus city centre and 6 km from the nearest train station .
the apartments are a 4 - minute walk from the closest bakery cafes and restaurants are also within a 4 minutes ’ walk from the apartments .
the modern bathrooms feature natural stone tiling and free - standing sinks .
free wi - fi and air conditioning available .
the carefully - decorated urban apartment casa da portela has a balcony which features a panoramic view of the city and of the clérigos tower .
koi hotel is a 15 - minute drive from nightlife options in seminyak and legian .
a convenience shop is on site .
bayside salgados is 200 metres from the salgados golf club , with a seaside location and many lakes . palácio de congressos do algarve is 100 metres away .
a variety of dining options are available within 50 metres of the property , with a grocery shop just 100 metres away .
each features an lcd tv and panoramic views of the mountains .
the traditional restaurant offers regional cuisine , game specialities and home - made schnaps .
you can park your car for free on site .
laundry services are available upon request .
frankfurt city centre , the frankfurt trade fair and frankfurt airport are only a 35 - minute drive away .
free private parking is available .
located right on the beach of tinos town , aleka ’ s rooms offers self - catered accommodation with free wi - fi and balcony overlooking the aegean sea or the garden . the famous church of the virgin mary is only 200 metres away .
the filler ski lift can be reached in a 15 - minute walk , and the plose ski area is 25 km away .
the apartment complex includes 2 outdoor swimming pools , one for adults and the other for children .
free wifi is featured .
the bathrooms are either private or shared .
each features a flat - screen tv with satellite channels , a work desk , and panoramic views of the surrounding mountains .
the hotel is 1 km from fontainebleau golf course . the train station , 4 km away , provides direct access to paris in 45 minutes .
the nearest beach is 150 metres away .
a stovetop and kettle are also provided .
meeting paradise services apartment is a 10 - minute walk from dining at times square and a 15 - minute walk from lowyat plaza .
each unit features a private bathroom with a shower .
the hotel les arolles provides on - site ski rental .
saint - tropez is just 17 km away .
the property offers free parking .
local restaurants are available within a 5 - minute walk , most serving the region ’ s traditional fish and seafood dishes .
sorrento is 48 km from hotel al palazzetto set fair , while salerno is 30 km away .
showcasing period furnishings , each room at brockamour manor bed and breakfast includes a flat - screen tv with cable .
shopping and restaurants at lincoln mall are just 1 . 4 miles away .
free wifi is offered in all areas and there is a lush , spacious garden and an outdoor swimming pool .
offering a beach front and spa and wellness center , bougainvillea patnem is located just 1 . 5 km from the canacona railway station and canacona bus station .
private bathrooms also come with towels .
free public parking is available on the street outside the property .
it boasts a private beach , 2 pools , 2 tennis courts and 1 night club .
the spacious apartments offer a fully - equipped kitchen , a seating area with a tv , dvd player , and a sofa , air conditioning , and a bathroom with a bath or shower .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out marrakech medina ( 600 metres ) and saadian tombs ( 700 metres ). marrakech - menara airport is located 5 km away .
each kitchenette is equipped with a fridge .
lake trasimeno is a 45 - minute drive away .
columbia regional airport can be reached in 15 minutes ’ drive .
free parking is also available .
located in shinjuku , studio - d is a private apartment with a terrace , free wi - fi and a king - sized bed .
guests can sample regional cuisine in the rustic - style restaurant .
there is a shared kitchen at the property .
this property is 2 . 4 km from bogotá town centre and 7 minutes ’ drive from the golden museum .
aarhus airport is 8 km from the property .
there is a kitchen with a refrigerator and kitchenware .
offering a garden , cabañas del mar is located in mompiche .
bike rental and car hire can be organised at the property .
the accommodation will provide you with a tv and seating area . there is a full kitchen with a dining table .
all guests receive free sky cinema and sky sports ( showing german and european matches ).
the nearest airport is linate airport , 3 km from wide flat .
psili ammos beach is at 3 . 5 km .
with free wi - fi , the zelzar apartments have colourful décor and fine parquet or terracotta floors .
each bungalow in placida mar comes with a terrace and a fully - equipped kitchenette . there is a lounge area with satellite tv and a private bathroom .
the famous sognefjord and lærdalfjord are approximately 65 km away , while the popular skiing resort of gol is 100 km away .
guest can start their day with a breakfast served at the hotel ’ s dining area .
dom & house - apartamenty monte cassino offers accommodation in the different areas in the centre of sopot , near the popular monte cassino promenade and up to 400 metres from the famous pier and the beach on the baltic sea .
the surrounding ahrweiler countryside offers many hiking and cycling trails .
set on 18 acres of native bushland , this luxurious 5 - bedroom lodge is located on waiheke island .
silversands holiday apartments are a 20 - minute drive from arthurs seat state park and lookout .
the olimpica ski slopes are 300 metres away .
lynden pindling international airport is a 10 - minute drive away .
it offers free on - site parking .
featuring free wifi , pension margit offers pet - friendly accommodation in baden .
you can enjoy mountain views from all rooms .
the rustic rooms come with wood - beamed ceilings and tiled floors .
restaurants and mini markets can be found 500 metres from villa athena .
the a1 motorway exit is around 40 km away .
the property ’ s restaurant offers provençal specialities .
the property also offers grocery delivery and free parking on site .
corporate travelers will appreciate conveniences like access to copy and fax services and a public computer with internet access .
igman mountain is 25 kilometers away , while bjelašnica mountain with skiing opportunities is 50 km away .
only 9 km away from phnom penh international airport , top banana guesthouse features free parking facilities and an on - site nightclub .
located within the delta po national park , casa oriana is a detached holiday home is situated in rosolina .
free wifi is featured throughout the property .
free wifi access is available in each guest room .
they are decorated with elegant total - white fittings and include a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
towels and bed linen are offered at downtown rising sun .
it is facilitated with a hot tub and a sauna .
at tree house 210 at resorts world bimini , guests can choose from a range of restaurants serving local specialities , including fresh lobster and conch salad .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
it is also possible to eat on the garden terrace in warm weather .
just 200 metres from praia principal beach , beach hostel la rocca offers free wi - fi , an outdoor pool and a barbecue facility .
each features a furnished balcony .
the residence inn san diego offers a free daily breakfast buffet or guests can cook out at the barbecue facilities .
the village square with shops and taverns is 20 metres away .
it features a restaurant , a bar and complimentary wi - fi access and parking .
they are equipped with free wi - fi access , a tv and a private bathroom .
intercontinental bangkok is a short 5 - minute stroll from shopping at central world plaza and gaysorn plaza .
marchant stadium , spring training home of the detroit tigers , is 3 miles from the motel .
bed linen is provided .
guests will find seaside cafés and tavern serving cretan cuisine within a 2 - minute walk .
at holiday home vallehusvej nexø vi are bbq facilities and a terrace .
upon request , guests can be provided with packed lunches to take away .
a ski school is right next door .
main bus and railway station are about 900 metres away .
each room has a kitchen equipped with a stove , fridge and kettle . the private bathroom comes with a shower .
warsaw chopin airport is 8 km from the property .
bright and spacious , the villa includes a living - dining room with a tv and fireplace .
the property offers free parking .
free private parking is available on site .
restaurant pöllöwaari is a member of the chaîne des rôtisseurs international gastronomic society and serves seasonal dishes based on fresh ingredients .
benjoy hotel offers modern air - conditioned rooms with flat - screen cable tvs and free wi - fi .
the on - site restaurant serves a variety of greek and mediterranean dishes for lunch or dinner , while the bar offers a relaxing setting for a night drink .
nice côte d ' azur airport is located 6 . 7 km away .
offering free wi - fi throughout , hotel sotto le stelle offers air - conditioned rooms in the apulia region , 8 km from carovigno .
there is also free wi - fi , a flat - screen tv , an ipod docking station , and tea and coffee - making facilities .
as you come off the a4 motorway exit , hotel città dei mille is the first hotel you will find when entering bergamo .
most are en suite and some have a terrace .
the united states embassy is within a 5 - minute drive and the autonomous national university ( unam ) is just 15 km away .
shops are at 100m , restaurants at 800m from the property .
the individually furnished rooms all have cable tv .
a selection of activities are offered in the area , such as cycling and fishing .
each room here will provide you with a flat - screen tv and air conditioning . featuring a shower , the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer , free toiletries and towels .
the inn has an outdoor pool and a deck facing the berkshire hills .
located in the residential area of beausoleil , these modern eco - friendly apartments are less than 2 km from monte carlo casino and the beach .
centrally located in marken and in the former city hall , het wapen van marken offers accommodation with views of the city .
every room at this guest house comes with a flat - screen tv .
situated just 1 kilometre from the centre of bautzen , this hotel enjoys a peaceful location within a business park , and is adjacent to the companies of bombardier transportation and vodafone .
a public bus stop with lines around tirana is 100 metres away .
the dino park is 300 metres from the property and the babylon aqua park is 2 km away .
from late may to mid - october , the ötztal premium card is included in the rate .
you can find the latina district , famous for its tapas bars in about 10 minutes ’ walk .
enjoy the patio of the hotel le foch to relax .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
hotel aurelio is just 800 metres from the a1 motorway exit of caserta nord .
other facilities like grocery deliveries and water sports facilities are offered .
guests are welcome to relax in the chiemgauhof ’ s spa area with sauna and solarium .
bed linen is provided .
located along the southern coast of lazio , the property is 2 km from lake fondi .
other activities for guests include night fishing and pruning class .
there is also a mini club for children over 3 years .
the letňany metro station ( line c ) can be reached in a 12 - minute bus drive .
the main bus station is 550 metres from the apartment marinac .
this country house is 70 km from federico garcia lorca granada - jaen airport .
free wi - fi and a daily breakfast are also provided .
you will be provided with a breakfast voucher to be used in any of the nearby cafés .
guests will find hundreds of shops and luxuries in the on - site shopping area . added entertainments and facilities are movie cinema , spa centre , art galleries , wedding square , conference rooms and exhibition centre .
tribute guest house matala offers free shuttle to the airport and the border gate .
a free - use pc is located in the lobby , and guests can rent laptops at the front desk for use in rooms .
cocktails , drinks and light snacks are also available at the bar .
you can enjoy mountain view from the room .
located on the seafront at gandía beach , apartamento acuario offers stunning sea views from its furnished balcony . the apartment is equipped with a flat - screen tv and seating area .
air - conditioned rooms at al barco include wooden floors and satellite tv .
the hotel offers a stylish restaurant , eva ' s , and a breakfast buffet served every morning with regional ingredients .
situated 4 . 3 km from bulevar plaza in alicante , this apartment features a patio with garden views . the property is 5 km from explanada de españa boulevard and free private parking is provided .
a 5 - minute walk from awaodori kaikan museum and the bizan ropeway , alpha hotel offers rooms with an lcd tv , a private bath and free wired internet .
fax , printing and photocopying facilities are available .
offering a garden , apartments malo is set in ksamil , 2 . 6 km from butrint national park .
seasonal french cuisine is served in the acacia ’ s brasserie with garden terrace .
guests have access to a shared kitchen and lounge .
other facilities include a wood burning stove , some under floor heating , washing machine and a tumble dryer .
limited free private parking is available in the premises .
the accommodations have amenities such as ceiling fans , cd players and cable tv .
enjoy a cup of coffee or tea from your terrace or balcony .
each room here will provide you with a tv , air conditioning and a patio . complete with a refrigerator , the dining area also has a dining table .
each room here will provide you with a tv , air conditioning and a seating area .
a massage service is available upon request at apartmanház magdalena and guests can also book taxis at reception .
surrounded by natural forest , ella green cottages is set just 200 metres from ella city .
the hostel has a washing machine , ironing facilities as well as a shared lounge .
big league dreams sports park is just 5 miles away . raging waters waterpark is 13 minutes ’ drive from this hotel .
residence moika river hotel is ideally located a 5 - minute walk from the hermitage and palace square on the picturesque moika river embankment , in a lovely building by nevsky prospekt .
all rooms have a flat - screen tv and private bathroom .
either shared or private bathroom facilities are included .
a shared lounge and games room are available .
select rooms have a sofa .
the zurich kloten airport is 22 km away .
with free wifi acccess , houses come with a seating area with a sofa .
some bikes are available free of charge at casa barbero .
each classically decorated room at saratovskaya hotel includes a flat - screen tv and a work desk .
campanile restaurant serves traditional dutch dishes at lunchtime and offers a range of international à la carte cuisine , as well as starter and dessert buffets , in the evenings .
visit rio maior ’ s marinhas de sal , natural salt marshes located 3 km from rio maior and 30 km from the sea .
charles de gaulle airport is 24 km away from lokappart – assas .
the nearest airport is bologna guglielmo marconi airport , 5 km from sgarauella stazione centrale .
the bathroom comes with a bathtub , free toiletries and a hairdryer .
all units are air conditioned and feature a seating area . some units include a terrace and / or balcony with mountain or pool views .
all rooms are equipped with air conditioning , and flat - screen tvs .
the bathrooms either shared or private , come with shower and free toiletries .
the daily breakfast is a sweet and savoury buffet .
the austrian border is 2 . 5 km away .
a sweet breakfast is available daily and includes homemade products and cakes , while savoury items are available on request .
the hotel is 900 metres from uzungol lake and trabzon airport is 88 km away .
there is a private bathroom with a shower .
lai 32 old town apartament is 500 metres from niguliste museum - concert hall and 600 metres from tallinn train station .
the home is fully equipped .
rooms are equipped with private bathrooms and air conditioning .
cable tv is featured in each guest room at days inn colorado springs airport . tea and coffee - making facilities are provided .
guests can try regional and international food in the hotel ’ s country - style restaurant .
chimelong xiangjiang safari park is a 25 - minute drive away .
la suite du marché aux fleurs offers self - catering accommodation in montpellier historical centre .
horse riding is available on site and free parking is also provided .
offering a restaurant , vremena goda inn is located in rautalakhti village , on the shore of lake ladoga .
the kitchen also features a dishwasher .
located in the medieval historic centre of fumone , locanda il falco nero is set on a hill above the sacco valley .
it offers classically decorated rooms , just a 10 - minute walk from the coliseum and domus aurea .
you can enjoy pool view and garden view from all the rooms .
the price includes free entrance to aqua forum .
the indira gandhi international airport is 20 km .
forget about your everyday duties and discover real joy of life between mountain and heaven .
complete with an oven , the dining area also has a refrigerator and kitchenware .
the in - house restaurant serves up a variety of khmer and western dishes daily .
there is a well - stocked library and a lounge with tv and dvd player , cards , and board games .
located in front of praia de arakakai beach , baia cabralia hotel offers an outdoor pool , a fitness centre and tennis courts .
guests can enjoy candlelit dinner in the gardens or even on the beach .
an iron and a hairdryer are available upon request .
there is a shared lounge at the property .
other facilities offered include meeting facilities , a tour desk and luggage storage .
free wi - fi access is available .
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and a refrigerator .
surrounded by gardens , the property is a 10 - minute drive to chiang mai international airport and central kad suan keaw department store .
breakfast can be eaten in the dining room or the charming conservatory .
vending machines featuring snacks and drinks are located on - site .
just a 15 - minute walk from karfas beach , vila clio is located in kambos , on the island of chios . it is situated in the area of fragkovouni medieval village and offers self - catering accommodation and a garden with a lily pond .
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven .
the nearest airport is sarasota bradenton airport , 48 km from warm mineral springs motel .
the danube river is located 1 . 4 km from the property .
the bathroom comes with a shower and towels and linen are provided .
massage and other treatments can be arranged .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including skiing and hiking .
the hotel is 7 . 1 km from dubai marina and 12 . 1 km from dubai mall .
free wifi access and a 24 - hour front desk are available in this homestay .
hotel janeiro also offers a regular entertainment programme .
each of them has a private bathroom with a shower .
modern and spacious , all apartments offer city views and free wireless and wired internet access .
drinks can be enjoyed at the bar .
athens , alabama is 25 minutes ’ drive away .
the archaeological site of s ' arcu e d ' eforros is a 15 - minute drive from il nido della ’ aquila
free parking is offered .
other facilities offered include a shared lounge , a tour desk and a laundry .
from here , you can visit forte dei marmi , 3 km away from the hotel .
there is a seating area , a dining area and a kitchen as well as a private bathroom with free toiletries and a hairdryer .
at ktima ravanou you will find a garden .
phuket international airport is a 50 - minute drive away .
la bégude has free bicycle rental and a fenced private car park .
la rioja airport is 10 km away .
the rooms are all equipped with cable tv and come with a private bathroom with shower .
located a 15 - minute walk from belorusskaya and ulitsa 1905 goda metro stations , sadovoye koltso belorusskaya apartments feature a seating area and a tv .
numerous restaurants and bars can be found 500 metres away , while a grocery store can be reached in just a few steps .
bicycles and nordic walking poles can be rented .
set in a renovated 14th - century building once run by monks , the apartments have wood - beamed ceilings .
surrounded by the magaliesberg mountains and offering views of the hartbeespoort dam , château la mer exclusive guesthouse features french inspired design .
full english breakfasts are served on a 17th - century table in the dining room , which features an original fireplace and antique furniture .
each room here will provide you with a tv and air conditioning .
for your comfort , you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer .
this chalet is 2 km the kandy - colombo main road , 5 km from the rambukkana railway station and 61 km from the bandaranaike international airport .
it offers an organic breakfast and free wi - fi access .
taksim metro , which allows an easy access to other sites of the city , is also within a walk .
they come with tiled floors and wrought iron beds .
the area is ideal for visiting museums , such as the picasso museum at 200 metres or the louvre museum at 2 km .
it offers accommodation with free wi - fi and private parking .
ceará convention centre and the trendy futuro beach are about 8 km away .
boasting a rooftop swimming pool with a hot tub and a sun deck with panoramic views , palermo rentals has chic apartments with balconies in buenos aires .
hiking and other outdoor activities are also nearby .
university of southern california is 20 minutes ’ walk from the homestay .
the apartment features a living room with a flat - screen tv and dvd player , a washing machine and a bathroom with a bathrobe .
some executive studio apartments have a private balcony .
the homestay also offers car hire .
it features a beautiful landscaped garden and it is a 10 - minute drive from the picturesque nafplio .
set 1 . 9 km from opera and ballet theatre in ufa , this apartment features free wifi .
set in vilnius , this apartment features free wifi .
fridhemsplan metro station is 150 metres away .
the distance to the famous pedestrian kirova street is 4 . 6 km away .
the clean rooms consist of a clothes rack . featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower .
piazza del popolo square is a 2 - minute walk away .
rooms at las majadas feature a minibar , tv and cd player .
casa de campo park is only 700 metres from the apartments .
featuring 3 bathrooms , this spacious 4 - bedroom villa features a hot tub and access to a garden and a private pool .
pusho ' s guest house features free wifi throughout the property .
motorbikes are available for rent , while laundry and ironing services can be arranged at a surcharge .
free wifi is featured throughout the property .
it also comprises a fully equipped kitchen with an indoor and outdoor dining area .
towels and bed linen are featured in this apartment .
the apartment also features a balcony and a fully - equipped kitchen with dining table .
the rooms feature air conditioning , a working area , and tea / coffee maker .
hostal cal mestre is a rustic guest house located within the natural setting of vilallonga de ter , girona .
there are some restaurants located within walking distance of the property .
the kitchen is equipped with a washing machine and coffee machine .
the rooms feature air conditioning , fridge and tv . some room come with a seating area .
many restaurants are located within walking distance . guests can find a wide range of local food around .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
guests can also relax in the lounge which includes armchairs and sofas .
free private parking is available on site .
sinbad ’ s kids club and the scene teens club offer entertainment for children and and teens .
the hosts are always around to provide you with information about the island .
the casa mosole is a 20 - minute drive from riva del garda , while rovereto is 33 km away .
the spanish steps are 900 metres from the guest house .
stanley 1 apartment is 7 minutes ’ drive from crown perth and 10 minutes ’ drive from hay street shopping precinct .
fifth third ballpark is 6 minutes ’ drive away .
holiday apartments vista del mar 2 is located between sunny beach and sveti vlas .
relaxing massages and beauty treatments await guests at tamukami ’ s spa .
a spacious bathroom features a hairdryer .
towels are offered .
the bathroom comes with a shower .
the apartment includes free wifi , a terrace and access to the quiet garden .
the white hart hotel is a traditional old posting house situated in the town of moretonhampstead and set within the picturesque dartmoor national park .
diwei estate golden beach sihaiju seaview apartment qingdao is accessed by lift .
heated apartments have charming rustic décor and views of the garden and the mountains .
some units feature a terrace and / or balcony .
hotel saint yves lies close to the centre of nantes , a 10 minute walk from saint pierre cathedral and chateau des ducs de bretagne .
they are all heated and equipped with a tv .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
it features accommodation with sea or garden views as well as free wi - fi access .
a shuttle service can be arranged .
the property offers its guests a garden with a terrace and a ski storage room .
dereyah ventures is within an easy access to sheikh zayed road , connecting to the city centre and dubai ’ s major street .
this quietly located hotel is set just a 10 - minute walk away from the sandy beaches of the baltic coast in the popular spa town of zinnowitz .
providing mountain views , the apartment includes a bedroom , a living room with a seating area and satellite flat - screen tv , a fully - equipped kitchen with a dishwasher , and a bathroom with a corner bath .
with outdoor dining area , the apartments include a tv , a seating area with sofa , and a fully equipped kitchen with oven and dishwasher .
the property offers free parking .
this apartment features a flat - screen tv , air - conditioning and a microwave .
the guest rooms at hotel la bergerie open onto a private balcony with a view of the mountains .
massages can be arranged from 20 : 00 - 02 : 00 at the 24 - hour reception , which can also store luggage for guests .
free wi - fi access is available . a shared lounge with a fireplace is available for guests ́ use .
the tour desk helps to arrange excursions and guests can store their belongings at an additional charge in lockers .
drinks can be enjoyed at the cellar bar or the penthouse top of the century piano bar .
guests can visit the on - site canteen , and the restaurant is located at the same building .
certain units feature a seating area for your convenience .
all apartments comprise a tv and a fully equipped kitchen with a microwave and a dining area .
free wifi , an internet terminal and a children ’ s playground are available .
madsens vej hvide sande xii is located in hvide sande .
a concierge service is available at the suite agata monti colosseo .
some rooms include a seating area where you can relax . some units have views of the sea or pool .
guests can enjoy the restaurant , terrace and free wi - fi throughout .
chateau de cop choux is in a 9 hectare park and guests can have dinner at the chateau upon reservation .
tambor is 44 km from the property .
irkutsk international airport is a 45 - minute drive away .
located 800 metres from belarusian national arts museum , apartments on ulyanovskaya 39 offers pet - friendly accommodation in minsk . the apartment is 1 km from pishchalausky castle .
featuring free wifi and air conditioning , edilia vacanze is set in marina di ragusa , 23 km from ragusa .
the bathroom comes with a shower and toilet .
start your day with an abundant breakfast buffet , which includes fresh croissants and fresh fruit .
at the on - site wellness area you will find an indoor pool , hot tub and well - equipped fitness centre , as well as a sauna and turkish bath .
set in the middle of a forest in neptun , 2 km from the beach , hotel comorova is part of a former presidential summer residence and features a garden with gazebos .
in the heart of murray hill , the hotel offers a variety of rooms catering to international , budget - minded travelers .
each is provided with a welcome kit including a bottle of water , beer , coke and wine .
some units feature a private bathroom with a spa bath , while others have free toiletries and a hair dryer .
a bus with links to monreale stops 200 metres away .
there is free wi - fi in the lobby .
the monte gordo casino is an 8 - minute drive and features slot machines , a restaurant and regular entertainment .
guadalupe river is 1 . 6 km from ramada new braunfels , while guadalupe river tubing is 1 . 6 km away .
public parking is possible on site .
zvartnots international airport is 13 km away .
guests have access to a kitchenette with hotplates and a refrigerator , and a continental breakfast can be served upon request .
other facilities at house with alcove include a sun terrace .
this resort is 65 km from mae fah luang – chiang rai international airport .
west nanjing road line 2 metro station is a 10 - minute walk away .
free parking is provided and the city of vichy with its train station is 26 km away .
an award - winning breakfast is served in either of the dining areas , using the freshest of locally sourced ingredients .
all apartments come with a flat - screen tv , a kitchenette and a bathroom with shower .
guests at the hampton inn and suites houston - cypress station can start the morning with a free hot breakfast , or enjoy a refreshing swim in the indoor pool .
set in an old farmhouse , penzion na statku is located the the village of chudoslavice in the litoměřice region .
the staff can help recommend nearby walking paths .
it ' s also a 2 - minute walk from the otaru tenguyama ski resort , and a 10 - minute walk from otaru canal .
each room is fitted with a tv . rooms are fitted with a shared bathroom .
free wifi is accessible in all areas .
located on the n21 highway , between castillonnès and villeneuve - sur - lot , les voyageurs offers free wifi throughout , free parking , a restaurant serving traditional cuisine made with fresh local products .
gunnersbury park tennis courts and a swimming pool with sports facilities can all be found within a 10 - minute walk of the property .
and those wishing to keep fit can visit the hotel ’ s fully - equipped fitness room .
there are 30 beautifully appointed and individually decorated rooms of 3 varying standards .
featuring free wifi , internacional hotel offers accommodation in juiz de fora ' s city centre .
guests at family inn bird - in - hand can dine at the bird - in - hand family restaurant and smorgasbord .
situated in the heart of hanoi , star view hotel is within close proximity to popular city attractions such as ho chi minh mauseloum complex and hang ngang hang dao .
the restaurant serves buffets of italian cuisine and abruzzo specialities mostly based on fresh fish .
these rooms offer a flat - screen tv , a cooling fan and a private bathroom with hairdryer .
each apartment can be reached by lift from the underground car park .
free secured public parking is available .
surrounded by the vineyards , 3 minutes ’ drive from the thermal baths in miradolo terme , agriturismo trianon offers rustic - style rooms .
it is 30 minutes ' drive from kuan zhai alley and jinli . shuangliu international airport is a 40 - minute car journey away .
kinshasa golf course is within 5 km of hotel renaissance jumeaux .
situated 100 metres from the beach , the sharm hotel is located in the resort of adler .
the apartment has 2 twin and 2 double bedrooms , as well as a bathroom with a shower and hairdryer .
it includes a variety of fresh fruits , breads and cold meats , as well as a selection of hot and cold drinks .
there is an additional bathrooms with a walk - in shower .
there is a well - equipped kitchen with a microwave and oven .
offering city views , rooms feature a flat - screen tv with cable channels , a personal safe and a minibar .
coco dive center is 1 . 2 km from mimosa , while cau temple is 1 . 3 km from the property .
shanghai dongjiadu ferry station is 23 km from jinjiang inn shanghai pudong jichangzhen , while shanghai world financial centre swfc is 23 km away .
located 400 metres from the sea , in the area of agios emilianos , porto heli villas & studios offers spacious and fully equipped villas with furnished verandas overlooking the sea and spetses island .
a coffee shop and a grocery store are located within the complex .
the 1 - bedroom apartments feature a living room with a sofa bed , and a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
offering accommodation with air conditioning , residenza romana zucchelli is set in rome , 200 metres from piazza barberini . piazza di spagna is 400 metres from the property .
it is on cefalù ’ s promenade and most rooms overlook the sea .
grand bazaar and laleli is just a 10 minutes ' walk from eroz rental house .
a tv is offered .
all units include a kitchen equipped with an oven and microwave .
the nearest airport is chiang mai international airport , 4 km from yellow pillow .
this hotel features free wi - fi and an outdoor pool on site for all guests .
other holy attraction like pashupatinath temple is 8 km away while swayambhunath stupa is 6 km away .
kiev train station is 10 minutes ’ drive from dream house hostel & bar , and a shuttle service is available .
a microwave , stove and fridge are available in the kitchenette .
they feature a seating area with a sofa , a flat - screen tv and a dvd player .
each has a private bathroom equipped with free toiletries and a hairdryer .
all dormitories are air - conditioned and come with linens and an internal shared bathroom .
on - site parking is included at no extra cost .
harmony hill wellness and organic spa retreat is located in margate , 30 minutes ’ drive from hobart .
each room at this hotel is air conditioned and is fitted with a flat - screen tv with cable channels .
moreover , metro station cavour connects you to the entire city without hassle .
offering self - catering apartments , just 500 metres from the centre of rabac and the beach , apartments alma enjoy a quiet location surrounded by greenery .
there is a dining area and a kitchen equipped with oven .
staff at the 24 - hour reception can assist with laundry , ironing and ticketing services .
at les oiseaux - chambres d ' hôtes , other facilities offered include a shared lounge .
it has a restaurant and bar .
they come with a kitchenette with electric kettle and mini fridge , as well as a flat - screen tv with cable and satellite channels .
the bar hosts live music events on occasion .
the all - inlcusive kartal hotel serves all meals buffet style .
the eden on the bay shopping complex is a 5 - minute walk away and offers a variety of restaurants and a supermarket .
each room comes with a private bathroom . for your comfort , you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer .
certain rooms feature a seating area for your convenience .
there is an on - site restaurant , bar , and a guest lounge area with billiards .
there is a shared lounge at the property .
each heated villa has a living room with a sofa and tv .
a microwave , a small fridge and coffee - making facilities are also included .
the rooms have a king size bed , spacious shared bathroom with a shower and bath .
private parking is available on site .
the living room is complete with a sofa and fireplace .
numerous napa valley wineries are within 16 km of this hotel .
each room is equipped with a flat - screen tv . for your comfort , you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer .
staff at the front desk can provide information about the city and arrange car or bicycle rental .
tuhkana - ranna holiday house is a detached holiday home situated in murika in the saaremaa region and featuring a garden with a barbecue . guests benefit from terrace and a fireplace by the sea .
the fully equipped kitchen comes with an oven , a stove top , a microwave , a dishwasher and a dining area .
the centre of larnaca city is 1 . 5 km away .
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge , luggage storage , and laundry facilities .
all rooms at the hotel schloß tremsbüttel have a modern bathroom , high - quality furniture and a minibar .
guarulhos international airport is 74 km away .
it is a 1 - hour drive from lake constance and neuschwanstein castle in füssen .
the apartment is fitted with a bedroom , a fully equipped kitchen , a living room with a sofa , a tv , and a private bathroom with a shower .
the excellent location in the historic centre of wrocław means you can easily explore all the fascinating places .
featuring free wifi and a hot tub , bergerie des suanes is a b & b set in a stone house located within a 6 - hectare park in the countryside .
it includes a fully equipped kitchen , cable tv and a furnished terrace .
just metres from the beach in nikiti village , agapitos apartments offers self - catering units with direct toroneos gulf views .
the hotel has a terrace and hot tub , and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant or a drink at the bar .
the staybridge also has a courtyard area with barbecue facilities .
a flat - screen tv is provided .
close to edersee lake beach and sailing school , this hotel is located between edertal - hemfurth and bringhausen .
the kitchen features a microwave . a tv is featured .
public off - site parking spaces are also available .
the menu includes a variety of traditional specialties as well as international cuisine .
all classically furnished rooms at the piccadilly inn airport include a seating area with cable tv . coffee - making facilities and a small refrigerator are provided in each room .
a minibar , hairdryer and telephone are also available in all the rooms .
it takes 1 . 5 hours by car to guangzhou baiyun international airport .
you can enjoy garden view from the room .
situated in the medieval town of rhodes , niki ’ s pension is set in a 15th century restored building .
garden air golf club is a 5 - minute drive from americas best value inn calimesa .
a buffet breakfast is served each morning and includes a variety of fresh fruits , breads and cold meats , as well as a selection of hot and cold drinks .
most rooms have private terraces , some with a sea view .
breakfast is served each morning in the meal area .
hiking and skiing opportunities can be found in the vicinity .
some rooms feature a balcony with sea views .
being close to the city centre , hotel azteca offers easy access to a wide variety of restaurants and eateries .
it offers a moroccan - style spa area built in 2010 .
towels , toiletries and a hair dryer are provided .
adhi jaya hotel is located in kuta , a 5 - minute walk from kuta beach .
george best belfast airport is a 20 - minute drive .
holiday home skovstjernevej spøttrup is located in vadum .
free wifi is included .
towels and bed linen are available in this apartment .
free wifi and free private parking are available on site .
the hotel has a indoor pool and hot tub , and guests can enjoy a drink at the bar .
there is a shared kitchen at the property .
the city of ioannina is 37 km away .
each room here will provide you with a tv with satellite channels and pay - per - view channels , air conditioning and a minibar . there is also an electric kettle .
the hotel offers a rooftop pool and bar with views of the city ' s fashion district .
a free swimming pool and free private parking are offered on site .
free wi - fi access is available in all public areas .
macon loché train station is 31 km away .
tbilisi international airport is 17 km from old city .
guests can take advantage of the free weekday newspapers and fax and copying services which are both located in the lobby .
selwo marina is 1 . 6 km from benal beach .
the guest house offers an on - site ski storage .
services and facilities include free wifi throughout , laundry service and luggage storage .
offering a restaurant , villa jasmine provides a 24 - hour front desk for the convenience of the guests .
after exercising in the state - of - the - art fitness centre , you can take a refreshing swim in the outdoor pool .
a launderette is available as well .
it is set in 15 hectares of parkland , surrounded by ancient trees .
the property ’ s restaurant is also available .
all feature a kitchenette with fridge and coffee maker .
each room has a desk .
the hotel is located 300 metres from la moneda palace and 400 metres from plaza de armas .
a 24 - hour front desk will be happy to assist guests with luggage storage as well as free parking facilities .
all carpeted units have a wardrobe and heating .
guests have access to the entire villa , accessible via wooden doors at the entrance or from the side gate .
bus stop amstelplein is 500 metres away and offers direct links to amsterdam central station , leidse square and amstelveen .
hang nadim airport is a 30 - minute drive from the hotel .
the apartment is 800 metres from ustka promenade .
guests will receive discounts at the on - site restaurant , which serves local cuisine , international dishes and fish specialities .
simply decorated with tiled and wooden flooring , vista rio melaka has a living area with sofa and flat - screen tv .
the property has rooms fitted with modern furnishings and beddings .
located near budva ’ s main bus station , villa bojana is surrounded by lush garden and flowers .
the american airlines arena , the dallas zoo and wet ' n wild water park are also a short drive away .
the ancient plovdiv , the historical , well - preserved part of the city , is also nearby .
full english and continental breakfast are served , and picnics are available on request .
dessau central station is just 900 metres from pension nord , and the a9 motorway is 10 minutes by car .
you can enjoy garden view .
if you reserve in advance , the hosts can also prepare regional dishes and vegetarian meals for dinner .
luggage storage can be found at the 24 - hour front desk . fax and photocopying services are also available .
lake johnson park is 12 minutes ' drive from the motel .
staff can arrange for skiing , golfing and cycling activities .
rooms come with a tv , safety deposit box and free wi - fi .
the palace of republic can be sightseen 500 metres from fortourist minsk flat and the belarusian great patriotic war museum can be toured 600 metres away .
there is a guest lounge including a library of books and games are available at the bar .
the 3 - bedroom apartment comes with a private balcony and a fully - equipped kitchen with a washing machine .
all rooms of blue marine hotel are equipped with air conditioning , lcd tv and a refrigerator .
slippers and free toiletries are attached in the private bathroom .
guests enjoy use of a shared kitchen .
all private bathrooms come with a shower and hairdryer .
free wifi access is available .
a fully equipped kitchen , tv and dvd player are featured in each unit at reef point cottages .
there is free parking .
paraliya entertainment park is located a 7 - minute walk from the property .
situated in a quiet street in the historic and lively san lorenzo district , stelle di san lorenzo offers free wi - fi throughout and modern rooms with fridge .
the nearest airport is schiphol airport , 30 km from the property .
the apartment features free wifi .
offering free wi - fi , this furnished private chalet is 3 minutes ’ drive from both gatlinburg city centre and ripley ’ s aquarium of the smokies .
you can engage in various activities , such as golfing and cycling .
a fridge and a stovetop can be found in the kitchen .
from the property , moscow zoo is 41 minutes ' drive away and sheremetyevo international airport is 27 km away .
private parking is available on site free of charge .
with sophiscated , royal touches , all rooms here will provide you with a flat - screen satellite tv and a balcony . there is also an electric kettle .
in the vicinity of apartments casa vacanze dante guests will find various restaurants , cafes and stores .
free wi - fi access is available .
free private parking is available on site .
accommodation will provide you with a balcony .
set in prague , 350 metres from skalka metro stop , apartment with terrace in prague features a garden , barbecue , and sun terrace .
rubinsøen skovhus is located in hasle and can accommodate up to eight people .
free private parking is provided on site .
all rooms of the quo vadis feature air conditioning and a private bathroom with shower .
all local calls are free .
conveniently located on a resort , guests have a access to 3 outdoor pools , including a 25 - metre heated lap pool , a sauna , a hair and beauty salon , a restaurant and barbecue facilities .
free use of bicycles is available at the property and the area is popular for cycling .
each day , a freshly prepared breakfast can be enjoyed in the bright breakfast room .
guests can also relax by the fireplace in the bar , which features live music once a month .
the 5 - bedroom holiday home also comes with a terrace , offering panoramic views of the surroundings , a well - equipped kitchen and a seating area with a sofa , a fireplace and a flat - screen tv .
popular activities in and around poza de la sal include hiking and hunting .
it offers an indoor swimming pool , a fitness centre and a tour desk .
free local calls and free wi - fi is provided .
the unit is 600 metres from the harbor with boat connections to the area ’ s islands , such as culatra , farol and armona .
st . stephen ' s basilica is 1 . 1 km from budabest apartments , while hungarian parliament building is 1 . 3 km away .
camping bella terra features a bar and a restaurant , which serves grilled meat , paellas and meals to take away .
featuring a sauna , fitness centre and steam bath , arabika is a 10 - minute walk from the black sea embankment .
in sunny weather , the large garden is ideal for celebrations and events .
guests who wish to travel around can use car rental service .
each apartment features a flat - screen tv , a bathroom , a fully fitted kitchen and free wi - fi .
the apartment is 100 metres from a shopping street and restaurants , including a pizza delivery service .
you can enjoy garden view from the balcony .
ottaviano metro station is 3 minutes ’ walk from the cesar vatican , and offers direct links to termini station , the spanish steps and trevi fountain .
the rooms have a private bathroom that comes with a shower and free toiletries .
they can also benefit from the hiking , cycling and canoeing facilities of the hotel .
there is a ski pass sales point and ski equipment can be rented on site .
refreshing drinks can be enjoyed in the bar during summer .
bayahibe one of the most important beaches of the region is a 15 - minute drive , punta cana is a 1 - hour drive , and santo domingo can be reached in a 90 - minute drive .
on the pest side of budapest , miller hostel is centrally located in the 5th district , 200 metres from the danube river and váci street , and a 3 - minute walk from the ferenciek tere m3 metro station .
it has a restaurant and a 24 - hour front desk .
parkson is 300 metres away .
the in - house kitchen serves a selection of indian and continental delights .
the private bathroom comes with a bathtub , free toiletries and a hairdryer .
at liverpool ’ s stanley dock , the titanic hotel liverpool is found in the site ’ s former north warehouse , and offers stylish accommodation around 5 minutes ’ drive from the city centre .
guests can relax at the sauna , or arrange day trips at the tour desk . the hotel also provides laundry and dry cleaning services .
lotus restaurant serves a fine selection of thai dishes .
guests can enjoy an on - site outdoor pool and hot tub throughout their stay at this gatlinburg place condo 103 .
each room here will provide you with a cable tv , air conditioning and a sofa seating area .
a sea view can be enjoyed from the property .
accommodation will provide you with air conditioning , a balcony and a terrace .
villa pelena offers pet - friendly accommodation in weligama .
guests can enjoy laundry service .
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge , ticketing service and a tour desk .
a buffet breakfast is served daily .
at saint maurice you will find a garden .
st . stephen ' s basilica is 900 metres from trapartment hostel budapest , while hungarian national museum is 1 . 2 km away .
niseko landmark view offers modern apartments in different locations in the popular niseko ski area .
bicycle rental can be arranged at the hotel and staff can also help with tourist information and ticket reservations .
you can enjoy pool view and garden view from the rooms .
this wilmington resort is 7 minutes ’ drive from the carolina beach and 10 minutes ' drive from wilmington city centre .
it offers japanese - style and western rooms with free wired internet .
car hire is available at the property and the area is popular for snorkelling and diving .
other facilities include a tennis court , bbq facilities , and a children ' s playground .
heated apartments feature a living room with a sofa and flat - screen satellite tv . some have a sofa bed and a fireplace .
rooms are furnished with hardwood floors , a seating area and a flat - screen tv with cable channels and an ipad .
it is a 20 - minute drive from both the race course and cypress lakes golf and country club .
there is a bus stop located 3 minutes ’ drive from can garay , and girona airport is 34 km away .
each accommodation will provide you with a satellite tv , air conditioning and a fully equipped kitchenette .
a large breakfast buffet is offered each morning .
this family - run accommodation is a 12 - minute drive from the baltic sea coast .
guests can park for free .
the hotel can also arrange guided tours of the local area .
featuring an outdoor pool , casa tartaruga is located in trendy búzios .
the rooms are located in an apartment , where guests can find shared kitchen facilities .
waverley corporate townhouses are within a 5 - minute walk of both the glen shopping centre and century city entertainment complex .
private parking is available in the hotel garage for an extra fee .
saint sarkis cathedral is 100 metres from guest house on demokraticheskiy , while novy vek shopping centre is 800 metres away .
there is cable tv and a private bathroom .
you will find a kettle and kitchenware in the room .
located in blanes , one - bedroom apartment in blanes i is an apartment boasting a year - round outdoor pool .
the palace of auburn hills , home of the detroit pistons basketball team , is 4 miles away .
guests at kennebunk bufflehead cove inn can relax on the shared terrace .
additional facilities include a business centre .
these spacious one and two - bedroom apartments include furnished terrace and most have sea views .
lamb meals are available .
located in the heart of riccione , a few steps from the beaches and viale ceccarini , hotel corallo offers a modern wellness centre , outdoor pool and a private parking garage .
other facilities offered at the property include vending machines , a communal microwave , laundry facilities and a public bath .
the staff provide phone assistance throughout your stay .
the property also features a sauna and a fitness room for guests .
an additional toilet is provided .
a tour desk , luggage storage and dry cleaning services are available at tang thanh phat resort .
the a65 motorway is 10 km from the hotel .
the property is 5 km from vason and 15 km from trento .
with its central yet quiet location in nalles , family - run hotel mehrhauser features a garden - side pool , fitness centre and a restaurant with wine cellar .
gold coast airport is a 25 - minute drive away .
el arenal is 26 km from finca cas menescal , while alcudia is 25 km away .
restaurants , bars and shops can be found a 15 - minute drive away .
featuring free wifi , our mini - hotel offers accommodation in the centre of chaplygin . guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant .
thurnher ' s alpenhof , a member of the leading hotels of the world , is a luxurious 5 - star hotel in zürs am arlberg , surrounded by beautiful mountain scenery .
the swimming pool of the best western obermühle has large panoramic windows with mountain view .
holiday inn express williamsburg provides guests with a free hot breakfast buffet every morning .
all have a private bathroom , and a hairdryer is available upon request .
a flat - screen tv and dvd player are provided .
river side house is located only 10 - minutes from soufriere ’ s pristine beach and offers guests free wi - fi , a fully equipped kitchen and a comfortable seating area with couches .
tavernas and cafés can be found at a distance of 500 metres .
guests at janna sur mer can relax at the private pool or the sun terrace beside the outdoor swimming pool .
vila california provides also a garden with barbecue facilities .
it offers air - conditioned rooms and suites with free wifi internet access , a tv with bein sports channels and a private bathroom .
the private bathrooms are fitted with a shower and provide free toiletries .
the closest supermarket is just 100 metres away and the restaurant la ruinette is 75 metres from chalet guadeloupe .
a grocery shop can be found within 100 metres from the calypso hotel . the bus stop with regular transport to the old nessebar and the new part , is set 50 metres away .
the apartment features a tv , washing machine , sofa and air conditioning .
an umbrella and 2 chairs are offered for the beach .
the breakfast buffet is served until 11 : 00 on weekends .
the apartment at the richmond comes with a private bathroom with a bathtub , a tv with cable channels and a fully equipped kitchen .
all suites come with a flat - screen satellite tv , a minibar and an in - room safety box . they feature a modern bathroom fitted with a bathtub and shower facilities .
apartament 1 decembrie features a well - equipped kitchen with a dining area , a microwave and a coffee machine .
centrally located in cesena , b & b al re offers free wi - fi and elegant accommodation with air conditioning and antique furnishings .
some units have a seating area and / or balcony .
lauro carneiro de loyola airport is 81 km away .
towels and bed linen are offered at apartment nina .
guests may make use of the hotel ' s 24 - hour room service , as well as luggage storage and ticketing services at the 24 - hour front desk .
guests are provided room service and in - room spa services are available for an extra fee .
at cabañas huimpalay lemu guests will find a private beach area and a tennis court . an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling , fishing and hiking .
you can enjoy garden view from the rooms .
towels are featured .
the property features a spacious garden and antique furniture .
the nearest airport is goa international airport , 20 km from 3m guest house .
ben gurion airport is located 36 km away .
located in mazatlán , stone island gardens condo 104 offers a restaurant .
the impressive cathedral and alcázar fortress are both within 10 minutes ' walk of the hotel , and the guadalquivir river is 400 metres away .
the 24 - hour staff offers room service .
guests can start their day with a breakfast , before exploring the city centre of lisbon with the many restaurants and bars .
there is also a beauty centre .
located in viehhofen , this apartment is 6 km from saalbach hinterglemm .
the hotel is 700 m from royan train station and grande conche beach .
it offers self - service kitchen , laundry service and free wifi throughout the property .
at vits shalimar hotel you will find a garden and a terrace .
lennart meri tallinn airport is located 5 . 3 km from the property .
located 350 metres from la scala opera house , this carbon - neutral hotel is 10 minutes ' walk from milan cathedral .
located just a 15 - minute walk from guell park and la sagrada familia , city view apartments gracia features air conditioning and free wi - fi .
holosiivska metro station provides links to the centre of kiev , and the mir is situated beside the m8 motorway .
almera park ’ s simply - decorated rooms are fitted with air conditioning , flat - screen satellite tv , dining and living areas .
free wi - fi is provided in public areas and on - site parking is free .
spacious air - conditioned rooms at resort phu quoc feature classic wood furnishings and private balconies with sweeping sea views .
the nearest airport is pulkovo airport , within a 25 - minute drive of the property .
this family - run hotel is located in barsinghausen , surrounded by weserbergland countryside .
the property offers free parking on site .
air - conditioned rooms feature tiled flooring , a wardrobe and a flat - screen tv with cable channels .
free private parking is available on site .
offering racquetball , yoga and swimming , bonsor recreation complex is 4 minutes ’ drive away .
breakfast is served each morning at the hotel .
macedonia international airport is approximately 15 km away .
you can aldo go fishing with free fishing rods provided by zambak .
the en suite bathroom comes with free toiletries and a hairdryer .
the kitchen comes with a washing machine , microwave and coffee machine .
the hotel ’ s interior is set with fine marble vases , statues , wall drawings , columns and marble floor work . after a day of sightseeing , you can relax in the hotel ’ s bar and enjoy a cold beverage . during the hot afternoons , you can cool off in the roof terrace pool , and enjoy the stunning scenery .
there is also a refrigerator .
free private parking is possible on site .
the rooms have a private bathroom .
homemade pastries , bread and yogurts are served for the continental breakfast , and you can dine in the on - site restaurant .
the cape quarter lifestyle village is 500 metres away and hosts a variety of shops , restaurants and a supermarket .
the rooms at the centre hotel feature a private bathroom with a shower and toilet .
the property offers free parking .
a tv is offered .
bed linen and towels are provided .
air - conditioned rooms at the american palace have wooden furnishings and satellite tv .
the property is surrounded by hiking trails and is 1 . 5 km from playa las arenas beach . teno nature reserve is within a short drive .
phnom penh international airport is 9 . 3 km from the property .
cavtat is 31 km from apartments vukovic savina .
there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and an oven .
the nearest airport is malaga airport , 13 km from the property .
on - site parking is free and the nearest bus stop is 50 metres away .
the southwest alentejo and vicentine coast natural park is a 30 - minute drive away .
the air - conditioned rooms have tile / marble flooring and cable tv . some rooms come with flat - screen tv .
a tv , a sofa and a dining area are provided in the lounge area of the guest house . guests also have access to a common patio .
guests can request breakfast and half - board in a nearby hotel , a 5 - minute walk from the bergheim ferienwohnung .
towels and bed linen are provided in this villa .
guests are invited to relax on deckchairs on the pool terrace or in the garden .
each of the hotel ' s bedrooms has a private en suite bathroom , a tv , and tea and coffee - making facilities .
a grocery shop and a cafe bar are just steps away , while a restaurant is 50 metres from the property .
computers with internet access can be used at the business centre , and wi - fi is provided at a charge in the lobby and guest rooms .
newquay zoo is 9 minutes ' drive away and newquay train station is 1 . 8 miles away .
the rooms are decorated with wooden ceilings and a mix of modern furniture and ethnic details .
the stop of the free ski bus is in front of the building .
all guest rooms feature a flat - screen cable tv at americinn rhinelander . complete with a microwave , the dining area also has a refrigerator .
this popular resort area in guadeloupe offers a range of dining options , including many restaurants located within 50 metres of karaibes residence .
pampulha – carlos drummond de andrade airport is 11 km away .
guests can swim in the outdoor pool or relax on the sun terrace .
the commercial centre of larnaca city is around a 20 - minute walk away .
free wifi is available .
a balcony is in select rooms and suites .
free parking makes it easy to enjoy local day trips .
girona - costa brava airport is 23 km away .
there is a seating and / or dining area in some units .
all rooms enjoy access to a shared porch .
the nyugati railway station , the westend shopping mall and the nyugati pályaudvar subway station ( line 3 ) are all within 400 metres from the building .
extras include a desk and bed linen .
in good weather , food is served outside on the terrace .
incheon international airport is an 85 - minute drive away .
sun and sand offers accommodation in candolim , 3 . 1 km from shanta durga temple and 1 . 4 km from candolim beach .
a range of activities is offered in the area , such as snorkeling and windsurfing .
the property is 2 . 4 km from soyembika tower and 2 . 4 km from annunciation cathedral .
guests may cook their own meals in the equipped kitchen at their disposal .
complete with a satellite tv , the living - dining room includes a cd and dvd player .
there is a seating area and a kitchen complete with an oven and a microwave . a flat - screen tv , blu - ray player and dvd player are provided .
the bed and breakfast is a 5 - minute drive from kenyatta international conference centre , while the kenya parliament buildings 1 . 6 km away .
there is one parking place included in each reservation .
guests can enjoy leisure activities such as diving and fishing .
situated 200 metres from platja d ’ aro beach , hostel hipica park offers simple rooms with terraces .
it offers an outdoor pool and massage services . free wi - fi is provided throughout the building .
there is a full a kitchenette with a microwave and an oven . featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer .
at hotel morskie oko you can find a fitness centre or play billiards .
a 5 - minute walk from the beach , the hotel is 4 . 5 km from the italia in miniatura theme park .
a typical italian breakfast is served daily in the breakfast room , including freshly brewed coffee or cappuccino and sweet pastries .
igneada is 25 km from villa kalina , while sozopol is 41 km away .
the kitchen comes with a dishwasher and a microwave and there is a private bathroom .
guests can enjoy the on - site bar .
konstantinos apartments 2 is located 18 km from lefkada town and 35 km from aktion airport .
wi - fi access is free .
free pick - up shuttles are offered from jr osaka station , a 7 - minute drive away .
facilities at the hotel include cafe , bar , restaurant , billiards , games room and an internet area .
the holiday home can accommodate up to 5 persons .
a satellite tv and coffee - making facilities are provided in all rooms at this orlando days inn on international drive .
the property is 1 km from the kabaty forest . the warsaw chopin airport , from which shuttle services can be provided , is within 10 km .
this traditional , family - run guest house offers cosy accommodation in the town centre of kiefersfelden , at the foot of the wilden kaiser mountains , right at the austrian border .
samara - kurúmoch airport is 8 minutes ’ drive from the property , and samara town centre is 40 km away .
rethymno town is 22 km from the property .
only 2 blocks from viña del mar casino , magnolio offers rooms with shared bathrooms in a house with chic décor common areas with cable tv . wi - fi is free .
vaclav havel prague airport is located 11 km from the property .
it has a washing machine , ironing facilities and 3 bathrooms .
hotel provides ample parking spaces for guests .
the elegantly decorated hotellino istanbul offers bright guest rooms with parquet floors and modern bathrooms .
a private bathroom with bath or shower is also available .
each room and apartment includes a private bathroom with a shower .
the apartment features 2 double bedrooms and a room with bunk beds .
rooms feature a wooden four - poster bed with netting and a fan .
most units also include a kitchen or kitchenette with toaster and coffee maker .
the bus that leads to kotor old town stops close to apartments azure adriatic . kotor old town preserves the medieval cathedral of saint tryphon and the ancient walls stretching for 4 . 5 km .
private bathrooms also come with a shower .
featuring hardwood flooring and modern furnishings , each home at amber house is fitted with a small kitchen and a balcony with sea or mountain views .
gästehaus gerti is 350 metres from kiefersfelden train station , and it is a 2 - minute drive to the a12 motorway .
the private bathroom includes a bath or shower .
osw sportowiec is located 100 metres from the nearest ski lift .
free wi - fi is provided .
a bus that links sveti stefan with budva passes every 15 minutes , while a bus stop is set 100 metres from sara lux apartments .
hiking trails are 400 metres away , while a spa centre can be found within 1 km and aquacity poprad 12 km away .
each apartment combines traditional wooden structures with contemporary décor .
the lugano train station is 4 . 5 km away and chiasso at the border to italy is 24 km away .
duca di mantova provides modern rooms with lcd tvs and free wi - fi access .
mexico city museum zone can be reached in 20 minutes by car .
rio de janeiro / galeao international airport is located 18 km from the property .
the main bus station can be reached with a short walk and zadar airport is located at a distance of 10 km from the property .
the beds are suitable for allergy sufferers .
every unit is equipped with a private bathroom with a bath or shower .
every room is fitted with a private bathroom . extras include free toiletries and a hair dryer .
featuring a shower , the private bathroom also comes with free toiletries .
various restaurants and supermarkets can be found within 1 km of the property , while the beach is 2 km away .
the self - catering apartment is equipped with a separate kitchen .
the hotel has a restaurant and a bar where activities are organised a few nights per week .
brooklyn hilton is 1 . 4 km from the barclays centre and 1 . 6 km from brooklyn bridge .
historical são jorge castle is 2 . 2 km from the property .
set in lake tekapo in the canterbury region , this detached holiday home features a patio and a garden with a barbecue . the property features views of the garden and is 42 km from twizel . free wifi is provided throughout the property .
novalja is 8 km away , while the popular party destination zrće is 10 km from mala villa .
located a 15 - minute drive from krasnodar city centre and the river , guest house at konstantinovsky is also 5 km from krasnodar expo and offers rooms and self - catering accommodation with air conditioning and free wifi access .
certain units have a seating area for your convenience .
the apartment features free wi - fi , a flat - screen tv and a fully equipped kitchen .
sunny apartment is 15 km from thessaloniki .
el valle de arantxa is set 4 km from nerja .
an airport transfer from / to sofia international airport is available on request .
there is a wine store 300 metres from the apartment .
offering a free transfer service to the portland international airport 3 miles away , this oregon hotel features on - site dining , a gym , and a seasonal outdoor pool .
traditional multi - course meals are served for dinner at the guests ’ rooms or at the dining room .
the naggar castle and naggar village are 100 metres from the property .
hotel bristol - central offers a shuttle service to rostov - on - don airport for an extra fee .
the air - conditioned villa has 2 bedrooms , 2 bathrooms and fully equipped kitchen with a toaster , microwave and electric kettle .
the private bathroom comes with a shower .
flic - en - flac is 40 km from chetty tourist residence .
the well - equipped kitchen has a dishwasher and washing machine is available , as well .
it can accommodate up to 8 people .
there is a washing machine and a tumble dryer ; and the bathroom is completed with a hairdryer .
la cote des monts damnés is surrounded by wonderful countryside .
offering accommodation with free wi - fi and a hot tub , malones motel is just 4 minutes ’ drive from central rotorua .
there is also a kitchen , fitted with an oven and fridge .
cipro metro stop is 150 metres from dolce risveglio b & b .
there is a clubhouse on site , which has a large swimming pool , tennis court and bbq facilities .
a dishwasher is also available .
a luggage storage area is available , as well as a fax and photocopying service .
they offer a mountain view .
the kitchen includes a microwave and an oven , while the bathroom comes with a shower .
an array of activities are offered in the area , such as golfing , windsurfing and diving .
surrounded by vineyards , il colle rigomagno is situated in the countryside of rigomagno , just 20 minutes ’ drive from lake trasimeno .
the nearest airport is da nang international airport , 22 km from the property .
drinks can be enjoyed at polar bar , fjord bar and in the panorama lounge .
the centre of uxbridge is just 5 minutes ’ drive away .
set in the pretty village of kempsey , the walter de cantelupe inn offers individually decorated , stylish rooms .
laundry service is provided as well .
this resort , located in the heart of saratoga spa state park features a full service spa and on - site restaurant .
the drenthe province is well - known for its tranquil settings and plenitude of cycling and walking opportunities .
wi - fi is available free of charge , and free private parking is possible on site .
this simply furnished holiday home features a living area with sofa bed and tv , plus a kitchenette .
the centre of cerkno is 4 km away .
every morning , a hearty buffet breakfast is served in parkhotel schönewalde ’ s inviting dining room .
it is a short 2 - minute walk from hangzhou international conference centre and the grand theatre .
the hotel is located by the fukurogawa river , where guests can enjoy cherry blossoms in the spring .
the kitchen comes with a dishwasher and there is a private bathroom with free toiletries and a hairdryer .
it features free wifi throughout the property .
the property is a 15 - minute walk to golden mountain .
coromandel township is 40 minutes ' drive away .
situated right on the beach of skinos in plakias village , on the rocks offers rooms that open to a furnished balcony , enjoying unobstructed libyan sea views .
the santa apolónia transport hub is a 10 - minute walk away and lisbon international airport is 6 . 6 km away .
guests can swim in séchemaille ’ s lake , 10 km away .
activities in the surrounding area include golfing .
barbecue facilities are also available on site .
the unesco world heritage sites of úbeda and baeza are around an hour ' s drive from the hotel .
the nearby hohe tauern national park offers a wide range of hiking and mountain bike trails .
surrounded by 2000 olive trees and located 2 km outside alghero , the vessus is a country house with outdoor pool and garden .
there is a flat - screen tv in the living room , and one bedroom has a fireplace .
live music is available on fridays and saturdays .
for your comfort , you will find bathrobes and slippers .
there is also a fitness centre .
numerous restaurants serving freshly prepared mediterranean cuisine can be reached on foot from remisens premium villa amalia .
the property has a self - service laundry room open 24 hours a day and a gym .
the apartment is located in the basement offering daylight .
merino benitez international airport is a 30 - minute drive away .
skopje zoo is located 2 km away and skopje airport is set 21 km away .
lutfi kirdar convention centre , istanbul congress centre , cemal resit rey concert hall and muhsin ertugrul theatre are within 1 . 3 km distance .
the hotel is located a 30 - minute drive from manza kazawaguchi train station .
miyakojima pier is about 1 km away , and painagama beach is a 20 - minute walk .
laundry and dry cleaning services are also available .
take advantage of the large , free car park .
stay at this sophisticated hotel and unwind in its stylish , contemporary interior . start your day off with a wholesome breakfast and admire the wonderful view of the marmara sea .
extras include a sofa , bed linen and cleaning products .
jomtien beach is 3 . 4 km from sukhumvit villa 100 / 24 , while mimosa pattaya is 3 . 7 km away .
some units feature a dining area and / or balcony .
free wi - fi and free public parking are available on site .
daily vietnamese cooking is also offered for guests .
this property is located a mere 300 m from the beach and 1 . 5 km from the nearest shopping and dining opportunities .
the main train station is an 11 - minute ride away .
the restaurant offers typical val d ' aosta dishes at lunch and dinner .
the property offers free parking .
within a 15 - minute drive of pattaya city centre and pattaya beach , dao hotel offers free wifi in its rooms and public areas .
the hotel is situated 23 km from fontainebleau and its train station .
towels and bed linen are offered .
the free shuttle service is available all year , except for june to september , and runs between béziers airport and the hotel , as well as the hotel and the sncf train station .
a sweet breakfast is served daily and includes croissants and coffee .
this residence in castelvetrano is set in the middle of a citrus garden .
for convenience , airport shuttle service and car rental services are available at a surcharge .
these apartments in new york city are 2 blocks from penn station .
on the coast of punta peninsula , hotel dalmatino offers free wi - fi , a beach bar , restaurant and a terrace with marina views .
the closest metro stop , széll kálmán tér , is located 1 km from the apartment and the hungarian national gallery and buda castle are a 2 - minute drive away .
there is also a covered terrace and a terrace by the pool .
a full english breakfast is served each morning and features yorkshire cured bacon , award - winning sausages and black pudding all cooked on a traditional aga stove .
refreshing drinks can also be enjoyed at the bar .
são jorge castle is a 21 - minute bus ride .
hamburg airport can be reached in 45 minutes ’ drive via the a7 motorway , 10 km from the hotel .
city of arts & sciences is 4 . 4 km from apartup patacona beach , while barrio del carmen is 5 km away .
the property also offers discounts to the aquapark and a wellness with saunas , hot tubs and massages .
guests at hotel gourmets et italy have direct access to the ski slopes via a bus , which is 20 metres away .
the spacious and modern lobby has a fully stocked vending machine offering a wide selection of alcoholic and non - alcoholic beverages .
it is centrally located across the main station of winschoten and near the sociable city centre .
the hampton inn buffalo - south / i - 90 is located close to the botanical gardens and our lady of victory basilica .
various restaurants , shops and bars are only steps away from the villa mirna .
centrally located in rhodes town and within 300 metres from the lively elli beach , annapolis inn offers self - catering accommodation with free wi - fi and a private balcony .
there is a luggage storage space at the property .
the guest house also offers bike hire .
there is a full kitchenette with a microwave and an oven .
seven village also includes a barbecue .
the kitchen includes an oven , refrigerator and toaster .
the property offers free parking .
war remnants museum is 2 . 4 km from the vee house , while diamond plaza is 2 . 6 km from the property .
free public transport tickets are provided on request .
other facilities offered at the property include a children ' s playground and a seasonal paddling pool .
room service , tour desk and laundry , as well as ironing , currency exchange and car rental are available on site .
the gasthaus rogge offers comfortable rooms , with modern amenities , including air conditioning and free wireless internet access .
the apartment ’ s kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher and a microwave and the private bathroom comes with a shower .
guests can ask for coffee service at the front desk , and they can find a variety of restaurants at the town centre .
situated on 1 , 800 acres in powell butte , this ranch boasts an 18 - hole golf course , an athletic center and large indoor / outdoor equestrian center .
private parking is free of charge on site .
ouranoupoli is 42 km from sweet orange , while vourvourou is 28 km from the property .
the guestrooms at hôtel astérides sacca are individually decorated and feature a flat - screen tv , a wardrobe and a private bathroom with a bathtub .
they also have a flat - screen cable tv and two bathrooms , one of them with a spa tub .
the en - suite bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and towels , along with a bath and a handheld shower .
rome4guest - spagna is located in rome ' s spagna quarter , and the spanish steps are less than a 10 - minute walk away .
le bois des sables also includes a hot tub and sun terrace .
it offers free wi - fi and air - conditioned accommodation with ionian sea views .
ban thach riverside hotel offers accommodation in tam ky , 36 km from hoi an .
the nearest airport is jyväskylä airport , 65 km from villa hiidenmäki .
free private parking is available on site .
all guest rooms at pension hubertus have a private bathroom and a cable tv .
atocha train station is 300 metres away , with a high - speed ave service and links to barajas airport .
areti apartment offers pet - friendly accommodation in loutses .
activities in the surrounding area include cycling and hiking .
the nearest airport is ngurah rai international airport , 8 km from g7 residence .
you can enjoy a mountain view from the room .
nieuwmarkt as well as kalverstraat , hermitage and rembrandtplein are within 15 minutes walking .
towels and bed linen are offered at caparó .
guests can benefit from the convenient 24 - hour front desk service hyundai residence provides .
the private bathroom is fitted with a shower .
all rooms feature garden views , wooden floors and a wardrobe .
the sacré coeur basilica is just 5 km away .
with a free airport shuttle service , towneplace suites offers self - contained accommodation off the interstate 90 , less than 1 hour drive from central chicago . it features a 24 - hour gym and an outdoor pool .
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
insotel punta prima prestige suites & spa is just 300 metres from punta prima beach .
larnaca international airport is 5 km from the property .
leko apartments provides guests with a private terrace .
meeting rooms and function halls are available on site .
guests can cook their meals in the shared fully equipped kitchen , complete with a dining area .
the private bathroom comes with a shower and free toiletries .
this luxurious 5 - star retreat offers hydro - therapy spa treatments , free on - site parking and free internet in public areas .
shops and markets are a 10 - minute walk away .
gümbet is 37 km from akbuk egeyıldızı .
hotel travellers nest is 5 km from kandy train station .
offering air - conditioned rooms with sea views , hotel stella maris is in the heart of capri 50 metres from the famous piazzetta central square .
there is also a terrace with views of the sea .
the nearest sandy beach is 5 km away .
saint isaac ' s cathedral is 7 km from apartment on stachek 73 , while admiralty building is 8 km away .
guests can enjoy a football match at the stadion im . loginova , 1 km away from the hotel .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including golfing , cycling and horse riding .
the rooms include a flat - screen tv , tea and coffee making facilities , and a radio alarm clock .
private 24 - hour parking is possible at 30 metres and charges are applicable .
the will holiday inn is located in dali ancient town .
guests can relax at b ’ s gazebo , or request for a massage .
all rooms have heating , a desk , tv , minibar and a bathroom .
many rooms feature a balcony or a terrace overlooking the garden .
mariano ́ s cabins is 20 km from the city centre and 40 km from the airport .
a flat - screen hdtv and coffee maker is provided in all rooms at the super 8 mason . each room is warmly decorated and includes a spacious work desk .
select rooms include a refrigerator .
free wifi is featured throughout the property and free private parking is available on site .
other facilities offered at the property include a tour desk and luggage storage .
the rooms at nineplace feature a beautiful , soothing décor with printed beddings and modern furniture .
the bed and breakfast is 27 . 2 km from la louvière , 20 km from binche and 49 . 5 km from tournai .
set in a quiet area 3 km from the centre of mittersill , frühstückspension ronacher offers a sauna , free wi - fi , and rooms with a balcony and views of the kitzbühel alps .
both properties include air conditioning and a kitchen .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling , climbing and hiking .
a healthy breakfast buffet is served daily .
21c museum hotel durham extras include a flat - screen cable tv , nespresso ® coffee machine , and malin + goetz ® toiletries .
novo rio bus station is 10 . 4 km from copacabana posto 2 , while santos dumont domestic airport is 8 . 5 km away . maracanã stadium is at a distance of 15 km and galeão international airport is located 25 . 7 km away .
plaza del duque shopping centre is 500 metres from apartment fanabe al , while la pinta beach is 1 km from the property .
the accommodation is fitted with a flat - screen tv with cable channels .
gorky park is a 15 - minute walk away .
free parking is available on site .
set in peaceful olive groves and fruit trees , il casale dei fiori offers bright rooms with views of the garden and rome in the distance . this family - run b & b is 250 metres from tivoli ' s mediaeval town , and a 5 - minute drive from villa adriana .
this villa includes a living room with tv and dvd player , a dining area and a fully equipped kitchen complete with a dishwasher .
the kitchen comes with a dishwasher , an oven and a microwave , as well as a kettle .
located in the centre of cairo , just a 10 - minute walk from nasser metro station , this hostel offers air - conditioned rooms with free wi - fi .
chiang kai - shek memorial hall is a 27 - minute mrt ride away , while the taiwan taoyuan international airport is about a 50 - minute drive away .
medieval castle of paphos is 1 . 9 km from julian ' s garden apartment , while kings avenue mall is 2 . 1 km away .
featuring a snack bar and a mini market , the beachfront penelope hotel is located on sandy potokaki beach of samos .
located in a tranquil area in pirin resort and offering views of the golf course and pirin mountain , terra complex offers well - appointed rooms and apartments , allocated in four detached buildings named - main building pirin with all facilities , rila , rodopi and balkan .
zinciriye hotel is located in a centuries - old stone building just 25 metres from mardin ’ s historic handicraft bazaar .
free public parking is available nearby .
free wifi is available .
all rooms have en suite facilities , a tv and tea / coffee - making facilities .
located in lisbon , this apartment features free wifi . guests benefit from terrace .
the modern guestrooms at the hotel are equipped with a flat - screen cable / satellite tv , minibar and a tea / coffee maker .
rooms at the mansion alcazar are tastefully decorated with antique wood furnishings .
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings , including snorkelling , diving and cycling .
the private bathroom comes with a shower , bidet and free bathrobe .
towels and bed linen are provided , and the bathroom comes with a bathtub .
guests can enjoy a drink in the bar .
gasthaus pillhofer has a rustic restaurant with stained glass windows and exposed wooden beams .
the old town of kotor is within 1 . 5 km from both locations , and a sandy beach can be found 2 km away .
a . zar international airport is located 66 km from the property .
the kitchenette has a microwave and there is a private bathroom .
free on - site , private parking is available .
set 400 metres from st . stephen ' s basilica in the centre of budapest , this air - conditioned apartment features free wifi .
other facilities at old stone house kazaviti include a barbecue .
currency exchanges and sightseeing arrangements can be done at the tour desk .
on each floor in the building , there is a kitchen with toast , cookies , and coffee and tea , all free of charge .
added conveniences include currency exchange , laundry and a 24 - hour front desk offering luggage storage and safety deposit box .
featuring a relaxing ambience , each room at siena hotel comes with an lcd tv with pay - per - view channels , a fridge and a telephone .
the property provides free private parking on site .
some have 2 balconies .
with easy access to highway 29 , guests at the hilton garden inn napa can easily discover over 270 local wineries , golf courses , and shopping centers .
there is a shared lounge at the property .
there is a small lagoon filled with native vegetation and colorful fish .
holiday silver hotel is located in downtown hanoi , a 5 - minute walk from hoan kiem lake .
it offers spacious rooms with an lcd tv and air conditioning .
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven . featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer .
the bedrooms have a separate dressing room , and feature a seating area , cable tv , and a desk .
free private parking is available on site .
the apartment is made up of a sofa bed in the living room and 1 double bed on a mezzanine .
the moselle river is just 1 km from the guest house .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out post 7 - arpoador and post 8 - ipanema 700 metres from this apartment .
elegant rooms all come with a cable tv , tea / coffee making facilities and a mini - fridge .
the nearest airport is elefthérios venizélos airport , 46 km from villa zarakes .
the property offers free parking .
all bathrooms have either a shower or a bathtub .
rooms include a private bathroom fitted with a bath or shower .
the private bathroom comes with shower ; and bed linen and towels are provided .
there are many shops and restaurants nearby .
it takes 20 minutes by car to tan san nhat international airport .
room service is available .
free parking is available for motorbikes and there is an area for drying wet clothes .
each single and twin room is classically furnished and comes complete with a flat - screen tv , minibar and desk .
granada is 70 km away and malaga is 100 km from the hotel .
the guest house has a tour desk to help guests with travel arrangements .
just off the whyte avenue entertainment strip , this edmonton hostel is within 3 km of the university of alberta .
palma de mallorca airport is 67 km away .
the property is 30 km from bastia - poretta airport and 25 km from the bastia port with ferry access to the mainland .
featuring a garden with an outdoor pool , apartment dos norte is an apartment set in viña del mar , 800 metres from wulff castle . guests benefit from free wifi and private parking available on site .
a bread delivery service is available upon request . restaurants and grocery stores can be reached in the centre .
there is a variety of restaurants further along the bay , 15 minutes ’ walk away .
offering a barbecue and views of the mountain , guest house platan is located in dzhubga in the krasnodar krai region , 39 km from tuapse .
riva del garda is 27 km from casa dai fre ', while bormio is 49 km away .
every room includes a tv .
offering a barbecue and sauna , hotel pilot is situated in vladikavkaz in the north ossetia - alania region . guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant .
the area is popular for cycling and hiking .
they are fitted with blackout curtains , free drinking water and free toiletries .
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings , including windsurfing and diving .
vip house is 12 km from tbilisi bus station and 25 km from tbilisi airport .
the accommodation will provide you with a seating area . there is also a dining table .
fax and photocopying facilities are available .
a 2 - minute walk will take you to a grocery shop and to a restaurant .
free bicycles are available , for guests wishing to explore the natural trails of the region .
febrahouse is a guest house located in the centre of costinesti , 750 metres from the beach , featuring accommodation with free wifi in public areas and free parking on site .
it offers modern accommodation with massage services , a coin - operated laundrette and free internet in rooms .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
a continental breakfast is available on request , and can be enjoyed at the cafe in front of the property .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out maksimir park and zagreb cathedral at 2 km .
daily maid service is provided here .
secession hotel is located in the centre of łęczna .
rooms are equipped with a private bathroom fitted with a bath or shower .
located a 5 - minute drive from the kronplatz ski slopes , it includes free parking and a sun terrace .
it is a 25 - minute drive from alba , while the provincial capital of cuneo is 40 km away .
the guest rooms at hôtel restaurant l ’ equipe include a tv and a wardrobe .
set on the gateway to the scenic allgäu region , the privately run stadthotel offers spacious rooms with free internet access via cable .
meals can also be enjoyed on the terrace .
eau claire , wisconsin is 25 minutes ’ drive from the property .
staff at savi regency ’ s 24 - hour reception can assist with laundry services , or the use of meeting / banquet facilities .
the gasparroni is surrounded by popular restaurants and shops .
some rooms include mountain views .
the bathroom comes with a shower .
you can find bars , restaurants and supermarkets within 2 . 5 km from the property .
offering wonderful views of berchtesgaden ’ s mountains , this family - run guest house offers bavarian cuisine and a sauna .
relaxing massage is available upon request .
each simply decorated room is equipped with air conditioning and an en suite bathroom .
other facilities offered at the property include tour desk and luggage storage .
free monitored parking is provided on site .
located in the gadmen valley , 500 metres from the gadmen ski lift , the alpenrose offers a lounge with a fireplace and a billiards table , and a traditional swiss restaurant . free wifi is available .
the apartment has 1 double bedroom , 1 twin bedroom and 1 bedroom with bunk beds .
hualien city centre is a 15 - minute drive away .
a property located in the laval - de - cère in the lot , la cère offers bedrooms and a cottage , set in a garden with an outdoor swimming pool , a furnished terrace , a children ’ s playground and barbecue facilities .
bbq facilities and vending machines featuring snacks and drinks are located on - site .
savoury items are available on request .
taman is 36 km from guest house tihaya gavan , while vityazevo is 14 km away .
free wifi is provided and free private parking is available on site .
the property will recommend different activities ranging from rides on the river to fishing piranas .
buckingham palace is 7 minutes ' drive away and portobello road market is 11 minutes ' drive away .
located just a 5 - minute walk to bts nana , white orchid inn ii is a 10 - minute stroll to nana square .
additionally guests can use a common lounge ( private unit set within a big apartment unit ).
dasoudi beach is 3 . 5 km away .
it offers rooms with air conditioning and free wifi .
the spacious and elegant rooms at the castel royal are and come with an lcd tv with cable channels , a minibar , a seating area , bathroom , and views of the garden .
the on - site metro bar has 8 large flat - screen tvs showing live sports from around the world .
each home has a private screened - in pool with sun terrace .
breakfast is served at dmz ' s restaurant , which serves vietnamese and western dishes .
guests have free access to the indoor pool , saunas and beach area . free wifi access is available .
within walking distance , guests can reach the centre and harbour of kemer .
larnaca is 40 km away .
close to shops and restaurants , it provides a patio with flowers .
free parking is available .
each air - conditioned room offers a seating area with a cable tv and an en suite bathroom with a hairdryer at holiday inn express hotel & suites fraser winter park area . a microwave , a small refrigerator and a dining area are also included .
there is a tourist information service , and magma thermal centre is a 10 - minute drive away .
free wi - fi and satellite tv are also included .
garbos hotel is 2 km from west shopping centre , and 3 km from mossoró airport .
just 2 km from pelita commercial centre , grand palace offers spacious rooms with flat - screen tvs and free wired internet .
shuttle services are offered with an extra charge .
a terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms .
beijing yasiming haisheng service apartment is 1 . 1 km from guijie street .
guests staying more than 7 days can take advantage of free airport transfers .
alushta is 46 km from relax guest house , while hurzuf is 30 km away .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out bled castle at a 900 - metre distance and bled golf club which is 1 km away .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out ponte vecchio ( 400 metres ) and strozzi palace ( 500 metres ).
manohra cozy village is just 5 minutes ’ walk from kata beach in phuket .
each air - conditioned room features a work desk , a wardrobe , an electronic safe , a flat - screen tv , a minibar and an electric kettle .
located in agrigento centre , 300 metres from the dome , incantevole loft has a modern style .
trg republike belgrade is 7 km from belgrade city appartment , while belgrade arena is 9 km away .
apartment in hammamet offers pet - friendly accommodation in hammamet , 6 km from kasbah of hammamet and 6 km from carthageland hammamet .
at the charmehotel uhrerhof , guests can enjoy an on - site restaurant , a spa and wellness centre complete with sauna , hammam and fitness facilities .
rustaveli theatre is 800 metres from tsinamdzgvrishvili29 , while tbilisi opera and ballet theatre is 800 metres from the property .
a flat - screen tv is offered .
ideally located off route 2 , the norwich hotel is only nine miles from the mohegan sun casino . the hotel is minutes from , mystic aquarium and institute for exploration , a recognized leader in oceanic research featuring living marine creatures and the latest discoveries of the underwater world , eastern connecticut state university and connecticut college .
located close to revolution park , the 3 - star ji hotel xi ' an railway station features accommodation with free wi - fi . it houses a tour desk and a business centre .
breakfast is served until 11 : 00 , allowing you to take it easy during your stay here .
there are several living and dining areas which include a pool table and flat - screen tv .
lisbon international airport is 7 km away , and both rossio train and metro station can be reached in less than 5 minutes ’ walking .
sample traditional regional cuisine at the on - site el restaurante and el sol tapas & restaurant or enjoy an extensive wine selection at the belmond maroma wine cellar .
private parking is available on site .
holiday home slåenvej jerup v is located in jerup .
alterego studios also includes a seasonal outdoor pool .
galway is 43 km from craglea lodge , while ennis is 26 km away .
the closest ski lift is located 60 metres from the apartments , and the closest cable car station can be reached in 5 walking minutes .
a 15 - minute walk from kuta beach , suris boutique hotel offers luxurious rooms with private balconies .
alpine lake motor lodge is located within 10 minutes ’ walk to a number of shops , restaurants and lake activities .
featuring a communal swimming pool and a children playground , casitas boutique alcocebre offers accommodation in alcossebre .
other facilities like dry cleaning is offered .
at days hotel neemrana you will find a 24 - hour front desk , a garden and a terrace .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling , hiking and billiards .
hungarian and international dishes are served at the restaurant .
this resort is on the east coast of spain , in the province of castellón .
located in the heart of chamonix , this self - catering apartment features a balcony and private ski storage .
the closest metro station is ecole militaire ( line 8 ).
free wi - fi is available throughout .
featuring free wifi , villa sunshine offers pet - friendly accommodation in balchik , 1 . 3 km from the palace of queen maria .
provided with wood furniture , rooms at mediterraneo hotel are all air conditioned and come with a balcony and satellite tv .
the rodeway inn bronx zoo is located 22 . 7 km to manhattan .
the fort myers la quinta inn & suites includes an indoor pool and laundry facilities .
the hotel also provides a tour desk , car rentals and business facilities .
nebelhorn i ski lift is just 1 . 4 km away .
hotel restaurant walliser sonne enjoys a quiet location at the forest ’ s edge in the village of gluringen , near the alpine passes of fürka , grimsel and nufenen .
extras include a desk , a safety deposit box and bed linen .
free wifi is also available in the rooms .
featuring contemporary decor , all the air - conditioned guestrooms come with a flat - screen tv , personal safe and mini - fridge .
free parking is available , and hanover airport is 12 km from the property .
a flat - screen cable tv is included in each room at americas best value inn & suites lake charles .
the nearby city of leiria is just 26 km away . lisbon international airport is 1 hour drive away . the sierra de aire e candeeiros natural park is just 10 km away .
you will find a shared lounge at the property .
a supermarket , restaurants and bars can be found within 100 metres
boat excursions to nearby islands and beaches are offered during summer season .
metro voltaire is less than 100 metres away , which can take guests to all the sought - after sights of paris .
there is a private bathroom with a bath and free toiletries in each unit .
the small studio apartment is located downstairs under the managers house at the rear of the property .
café mango offers customised set meals and local specialities .
the beautiful desenzano del garda is 31 km from the b & b . brescia is a 50 - minute drive away .
free shuttle service is provided upon request .
hotel quality aeropuerto has free on - site parking .
located inside nanshan cultural tourism area , leisure villas offers elaborately decorated guestrooms with lovely sea views or garden views .
the studio of de zeeuwster is fitted with a seating area , dining area and kitchenette fitted with a refrigerator and microwave .
free wifi access is provided in reception .
guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant .
slots at sudbury downs is 26 km away .
austin city centre is a 30 minutes ' drive away .
each room is fitted a flat - screen cable tv , refrigerator and telephone .
set on the corner of via nazionale you are right in the heart of one of the most popular shopping districts in rome , a 10 - minute walk from termini station .
the shared bathroom is fitted with shower facilities .
the kitchens are well - equipped with a hob and an oven , and there are two excellent restaurants within 5 minutes ’ walk from the complex .
some rooms also offer scenic views .
takachiho gorge is a 10 - minute walk away , and takachiho shrine is 5 - minute walk away from the property .
smiltyne passenger terminal is 800 metres from family - friendly old town apartment .
the property is housed in an old mill from late 19th century and was adapted to be inhabited .
free wifi is available throughout .
a safety deposit box is available at the front desk , while laundry and ironing services are available as well .
some units have a balcony and / or patio with garden or city views .
it also offers free wi - fi access and has a library on disposition .
a dishwasher and an oven can be found in the kitchen .
at mayak you will find a communal sauna and a 24 - hour front desk .
the bright living room has 2 sofa beds , a dining area and a flat - screen , while the fully equipped kitchen comes with a hob , a microwave and a fridge .
some units include a seating area for your convenience .
a flat - screen tv is available .
just 300 metres from munich central station and the oktoberfest site , this aparthotel offers modern apartments with free wifi , a 24 - hour reception and a fitness centre .
the living room comes with a fireplace and a tv . it has direct access to the terrace with barbecue , dining and pool area .
the open - plan kitchen includes a stove , an oven and a refrigerator .
charming studio apartment is a self - catering accommodation located in rio de janeiro . free wifi access is available .
copthorne hotel palmerston north is a 5 - minute drive from massey university and a 15 - minute drive from the picturesque countryside of manawatu .
guests at hotel real de la montaña will find a variety of food places 5 minutes ’ walk away and they can also fish their own food at the magical village of huasca de ocampo within 5 minutes ’ drive .
each unit features air conditioning and a private bathroom with shower and hairdryer .
each unit has heating , a fan and a cable tv .
located in moscow , maxrelaxapartment offers self - catering accommodation with free wifi . guests benefit from balcony .
featuring free wifi and a terrace , ranga hill house offers accommodation in dikwella south , 12 km from tangalle .
the owners offer a free welcome drink , free fresh bed linen and towels , luggage storage facilities , free info and brochures about dubrovnik , as well as free wi - fi .
set within the historic core of zadar , just steps away from the seaside promenade , apartment house of peace offers air conditioning and free wifi access .
leopold sedar senghor airport is 40 km away .
all rooms have a ceiling fan , private entrance and access to a patio .
the freedom square is 3 . 5 km away , while the mrgvali baghi square can be reached in 2 minutes . the bus stop on chavchavadze street can be reached on foot in 2 minutes .
rooms come with a tv and minibar .
this country hotel enjoys a beautiful location amid the idyllic hills of the hoher fläming region , between berlin and leipzig . built in 1996 , it is situated within a 32 - hectare estate .
offering free wi - fi , renovated residenza san maurizio is set in the very heart of venice .
go for a stroll through the surrounding woods and natural park , or simply treat yourself to a drink or meal in the neighbouring restaurant .
located in suchohrdly , this holiday home features a garden with a barbecue . guests can benefit from a terrace . free wifi is available throughout the property .
apartment on internatsionalnaya offers accommodation in minsk , 100 metres from cathedral of saint virgin mary and 300 metres from holy spirit cathedral .
st . lawrence market and the hockey hall of fame are less than 10 minutes ' walk away .
western and thai dishes are served all day at the outdoor terrace overlooking breathtaking views of the sea .
situated in the historic baroque centre of osijek , guesthouse maksimilian is set in a fully refurbished building dating from the 19th century .
the bathrooms have a hairdryer , shower cabin and make - up mirror .
the resort also offers car hire .
bed linen , towels and a hairdryer are provided .
each room has a private bathroom .
there is also a communal fridge available for guests to use .
a spacious area with tables and chairs , satellite tv and a billiard table are featured at the snack bar .
featuring a shower , the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
barberini metro is 800 metres away and offers direct links to the vatican museums .
alba is an exclusive italian restaurant while refreshing beverages can be enjoyed at the bar uno .
rooms at casa del maestro y previsión social filial mendoza capital feature a fan , heating , a wardrobe and a private bathroom . bed linens and towels are included .
public parking is possible in the vicinity of stayinstyle apartments , at an extra fee .
the nearest airport is suvarnabhumi airport , 16 km from resort m bangkok .
at casa del escritor you will find a hot tub , a terrace and a shared kitchen . other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge , a tour desk and luggage storage .
tbilisi opera and ballet theatre is 400 metres from freedom square hostel .
towels and bed linen are available in this self - catering accommodation .
miskolc is 63 km from arany napraforgó vendégház , while spišská nová ves is 50 km from the property .
guests will enjoy a relaxing stay at serendipity on barrington , featuring a private outdoor swimming pool and a cosy wood fireplace .
the apartment is 600 metres from girandella beach rabac .
the hotel also provides luggage storage and each room have their own garage for free .
the unique hotel bucharest is situated 13 km away from otopeni airport and only 3 . 5 km from the romexpo exhibition centre .
free wifi access and private parking are available .
santo stino di livenza station is a 25 - minute drive from the property .
cosmopolitan parga town is at 3 km .
during the summer you can relax at the outdoor pool while enjoying drinks and snacks .
it offers free 2 - way airport and port transfer .
alternatively , local restaurants , serving the region ’ s fish and seafood courses , are available within a 5 - minute walk .
most rooms have a private terrace with sea views .
at loulouat le mar furnished units you will find a 24 - hour front desk .
hotel salvators is located in the heart of historic bruges , in the shadow of the saint - salvators cathedral and 50 metres from the shopping district .
cross - country skiing and winter hiking are also available .
hotel rössle offers a traditional - style lounge and a spacious sun terrace .
the lambert st . louis international airport is less than 10 miles from the hotel .
offering an outdoor pool , lucy inn is located in portsmouth .
a washing machine and tumble dryer are also included .
a varied breakfast buffet and homemade cakes are available at the hotel - pension kräutle .
some rooms offer a large terrace with mountain or sea views .
each one has a tv with satellite and cable channels and views of either the pinewood or the sea and alghero .
ztg mingting shunchang hotel provides spacious and modern accommodation with free internet .
guests can also utilize the luggage storage space and laundry services .
apartamentos bulgaria are located in several buildings in the sierra nevada ski resort , no more than 60 metres from the parador ski lift .
a local bus stop and a 24 - hour grocery shop can both be found within only 20 metres from the property .
shopping and dining are 5 minutes ’ drive from candlewood suites jonesboro and crowley ' s ridge nature center is 5 miles away .
a ski storage room is available in the cellar and the ferienhaus is surrounded by a large garden which includes a barbecue and a playground .
front desk provides airport and city shuttle service at an extra charge .
guests at the estaleiro village can enjoy a tropical buffet breakfast with fruits , juices and homemade breads and cakes .
guests can enjoy thai and western dishes at bann suan restaurant .
there is a patio with an outdoor dining area , perfect for al fresco meals or a glass of wine .
it offers air - conditioned accommodation with free wi - fi and garden views .
on request , fresh bread rolls can be delivered in the morning .
featuring a shower , the private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and slippers .
the hotel houses a hot tub , a shop with local specialities and a coin launderette .
it features an outdoor heated swimming pool surrounded with sun loungers .
free wi - fi is available .
winter gardens conference centre is 600 metres from holm lea halal hotel & minicinema , while coral island is 600 metres away .
it has wooden cabins with a private bathroom .
there is a dining area and a kitchen complete with an oven , a microwave and fridge .
you will find a shared lounge at the property .
just 15 minutes from hurghada airport , sindbad club includes a water park and a full spa .
featuring air conditioning , brooklyn getaways is located in brooklyn , 2 . 3 km from barclays center .
kalemegdan fortress with the city zoo is 2 . 5 km from slavija apartments .
the en suite bathroom is fitted with shower facilities .
ptuj castle and the old town are 500 metres away .
the elegantly - decorated apartment features a view of the city .
free wifi is provided throughout the entire property and free off - site parking is offered .
air - conditioned apartments are fitted with a sofa seating area , a cable flat - screen tv and a kitchenette . private bathrooms will include hot / cold shower facilities and free toiletries .
the property has its own restaurant , 24 - hour front desk and provides free private parking .
the aspire is set in the centre of blackpool and within 5 minutes ’ walk of the seafront promenade and the famous blackpool tower .
the nearest airport is falcone - borsellino airport , 3 km from il girasole .
this guest house offers guests a shared kitchen and is conveniently located 400 metres from praia do boqueirão beach , in rio de janeiro .
accommodation will provide guests with a seating area and satellite tv . there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
izhevchanka 3 guest house offers accommodation in gelendzhik .
wi - fi is free in public areas .
free wifi access is available .
conveniently located close to the motorway network , is ideal for hosting that all important business meeting or conference offering a wide range of conference suites .
shared bathroom facilities with free toiletries are available .
carabassí beach is just 500 metres away .
the private bathroom includes a hairdryer .
it offers a balcony with stunning views to the aegean sea and the famous sunset .
an oven , a microwave and a fridge can be found in the kitchen .
the nearest airport is augusto cesar sandino international airport , 33 km from the property .
free wi - fi is offered .
offering a restaurant and a garden , agriturismo belotti is located in villa dalegno , a 10 - minute drive from temù . free wifi access is available in all public areas .
the property is a 50 - minute drive from bassano del grappa and is well placed for visiting the monte pavione natural reserve .
the rooms include a tv .
the riffelsee ski area is 800 metres away .
restaurant hanachaya offers a japanese and western buffet spread for breakfast .
a continental breakfast is available daily and can be served in the private living room , by the fireplace .
some offer cretan sea views .
located an 8 - minute drive from the centre of pénestin , just 150 metres from the beach , résidence l ’ évasion offers a self - catering apartment with a terrace and garden .
hiking tracks in the chočské mountains , the kvačianska and the prosiecka valleys can be reached within 3 km .
located in starigrad , 350 metres from the centre , apartments sunce is set in a quiet area and surrounded by olive trees , agava plants and lemon trees .
featuring exposed wooden beams and stone walls , these apartments have a seating area with a flat - screen tv . there is a dining area and the kitchen is equipped with a microwave , oven and a dishwasher . a washing machine is also available .
the restaurant serves international meals and local specialties .
guests can find a wide range of restaurants and bars within a 10 - minute walk .
wi - fi and parking are free .
it offers free wi - fi and serves a certified greek breakfast in the garden .
a sofa , coffee table , 2 armchairs , a fireplace and a tv are featured in the living room .
free toiletries are included .
at pichepehuen guests will find barbecue and laundry facilities .
ancienne poterie offers pet - friendly accommodation in dives - sur - mer .
apartmento plaza catalunya has a spacious master bedroom with a double bed , built - in wardrobes and an en suite bathroom .
bed linen is featured .
maharaja restaurant serves indian and regional specialities .
in summer the sunbathing lawn with a pool , a barbecue area and a ping - pong table invites you to relax .
it is 49 km from playa del carmen and 119 km from cancun international airport .
located in a quiet street close to lake geneva , the train station and the international organisations , the kipling manotel offers air - conditioned rooms and free wifi access .
the beautiful sea views from your balcony provide the perfect setting for corfu ' s sunset .
el sol hostel de humahuaca is located 800 metres from the bus station .
guests can enjoy a drink at the on - site bar .
saulina resort is a 40 - minute drive from tomok ferry harbour .
the house comes with satellite tv , a fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher and oven , a seating area , a washing machine and a bathroom .
fohnsdorf and the therme aqualux thermal bath are 20 km from the wolfingerhof .
free wifi is provided throughout the property .
the simply furnished rooms are provided with a work desk , electric kettle and a telephone .
some also feature a balcony .
the restaurant serves mouth - watering local and international specialities . it is open daily and serves a rich buffet for breakfast and dinner .
the guangzhou east train station is a 20 - minute drive away .
quietly located in green surroundings , b & b dor de bucovina features a restaurant serving traditional dishes , while rooms have a tv and access to a shared kitchen .
the dining area is available .
private parking is available on site .
offering cosy rooms and a traditional schnitzel restaurant , this country hotel awaits you in weißenfels - bäumchen , in the heart of the popular saale - unstrut holiday region .
set in svetlogorsk , this apartment features free wifi . guests benefit from balcony .
a tennis court can be found 50 metres from the stanny court aparthotel .
towels and bed linen are provided in this apartment .
the property is 37 . 8 km from les chute ' s de riviere noire .
shuttle and concierge services are available .
recife city centre is 10 km from dolce residencial .
there is a pedestrian path along the river for runners and cyclists .
air - conditioned bungalows have a private terrace and are fitted with a tv and en suite bathroom with shower facilities .
it is 4 km from hua hin town .
bed linen is provided .
a continental breakfast is prepared every day and fresh bread and pastries and fruit juice for breakfast can be taken on the terrace or in your room .
sanrio puroland is a 40 - minute drive away , while yukohama chine town can be reached within a 50 - minute drive .
guests of gorges du verdon - lac sainte - croix can purchase guided day tours of the region conducted by the property owner and a free concierge service is available on site .
free wi - fi access is available in the public areas , guests can enjoy the on - site garden and there is also a washing machine .
some rooms come with a private balcony .
car rentals and shuttle services are arranged upon request .
lido di jesolo is 25 km away .
offering a free wellness centre and a garden , hotel villa eden is located in corvara in badia .
lively kastanienallee street is a 10 - minute walk from the apartments and features various cafés , restaurants and galleries .
the nearest airport is kutaisi international airport , 20 km from nino ' s apartment .
perilia villa apartments also includes a seasonal outdoor pool .
the west dennis light and the west dennis beach are 3 miles away .
this eco - friendly hotel runs on renewable energy only .
the 3 - bedroom apartament conde güell features modern décor , wooden floors and views of an interior patio .
you can play tennis and table tennis at this hotel , and bike hire is available .
each apartment comes with free wifi , flat - screen cable tv with dvd player , and a bathroom with shower , toilet and hairdryer .
offering sea views from the private terrace , apartment vita style is an air - conditioned apartment with free wifi and private parking . it is in kaštel stari , just 100 metres from the sea promenade and a 5 - minute walk from the beach .
guests can enjoy refreshing beverages at the pavilion bar .
every apartment has free internet access and a well equipped kitchen , with microwave , refrigerator and cooking utensils .
a buffet breakfast can be purchased , and is provided on the terrace .
you can play billiards at the inn .
the gouffre mirolda caves are 30 km away and an airport shuttle service is available on request .
the razdolie ' s 24 - hour reception team can book free shuttle transfers .
centrally located in rome , casa monti is a 5 - minute walk from cavour metro station .
set on the banks of the tiber river , bdb luxury rooms san pietro is in a prestigious residential neighbourhood of rome .
each room at this guest house is air conditioned and is equipped with a flat - screen tv and a private bathroom .
some accommodation types also come with a kitchenette .
all rooms have a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
wachthubel bus stop is 500 metres away .
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a refrigerator and a coffee machine .
chalets and apartments at presbytère open out to a mountain - view balcony .
some rooms and the terrace offer panoramic views of the umbrian valley .
the private bathroom includes free toiletries and a hairdryer .
you will find a coffee machine in the room .
there is also a fitness centre and daily housekeeping is available for free .
marmaris city centre is 3 km from the hotel .
cycling and walking paths and diving facilities can be found nearby . wine cellar degrassi can be reached in 1 km , while kempinski golf centre is 3 km away . stela maris tennis centre is 3 km from the apartments .
it features 5 exclusive rooms , each uniquely decorated , and a modern sun terrace overlooking palermo .
the caravan features a private bathroom with shower , a seating area with sofa and a flat - screen tv .
limniones village is 5 km away , while thymiana is 3 km away from the property .
rip mountain is 5 km away .
other activities in the area include mountain sports , tennis and horse riding .
the simply furnished rooms include a private bathroom .
hotel nesta is 2 . 9 km from ninh kieu pier , 3 km from can tho museum and 8 . 2 km from cai rang floating market .
villa marianna , 100 metres from tsaki beach and 500 metres from benitses village .
wi - fi is available for a fee .
puerta catedral boutique offers elegant and modern apartments with free wifi and located in seville .
horse riding is available on site at a surcharge .
europa hotel offers individually decorated rooms with wooden furnishings .
there are also a living room , a dining area and 2 bathrooms .
there is a 24 - hour front desk , concierge service , gift shop , and shops at the property .
other facilities at apartment vinogradska 1a include a barbecue .
the sandy beach is located 50 metres away .
offering a seasonal outdoor pool and terrace , edem - olimp guest house is located in adler in the krasnodar krai region , 10 km from sochi discovery world aquarium .
the tour desk can assist guests with making travel arrangements .
the artisans fair is 5 blocks away wi - fi is free and there is 24 - hour bar service .
the family - run hotel löwen provides spacious , brightly furnished rooms with all modern amenities .
bed linen is provided .
each room and studio has a flat - screen cable / satellite tv , safe and kitchen with stove , oven , electric kettle and minibar .
the rooms here are equipped with towels and linens , a flat - screen tv with cable channels , air conditioning , and a shared bathroom .
free wifi access is available .
this hotel is adjacent to the mystique casino and within an 8 - minute walk of dubuque greyhound park .
the 24 - hour reception of rapunzel can help guests arrange tours to istanbul ’ s main attractions .
the kitchen is fitted with an oven and a microwave .
located in vence , vue sur vence entre nice et cannes offers an outdoor pool .
apartments also include kitchen facilities and a dining area .
sunshine international hotel is a 5 - minute drive from nandajie shopping area and people ’ s park .
a flat - screen tv is available .
there are air conditioning and a flat - screen tv .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out honfleur ' s old harbour and saint stephen ' s church , both located 200 metres away .
costa navarino is 24 km from the property .
shopping and entertainment center akropolis is 2 . 9 km from napoleon hill apartment , while st . michael the archangel ' s church in kaunas is 3 . 4 km away .
at blux medellin you will find a shared sauna .
the property is located 500 metres from the entrance to bayo ski resort .
the apartments at the lev eilat are air conditioned and come with a bathroom , living area and kitchenette .
satellite tv , a fridge and a dining area are standard in all apartments .
extras include pay - per - view channels .
at soul hostel you will find a 24 - hour front desk .
salzburg w . a . mozart airport is 17 km away .
all rooms have a tv . guest house on druzhby 8a features free wifi .
sharm el - sheikh international airport is located 8 km from the property .
the property offers free parking .
the closest store and restaurant can be found within 50 metres from the ela ’ s apartment .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including fishing , snorkelling and canoeing .
the air - conditioned apartments are fully - equipped and offer a complete kitchen , a living room with a flat - screen tv , radio and sofa .
bbq facilities are offered on the property .
rooms are also equipped with a microwave and coffee table . cable tv with hbo is provided .
guests can make use of the shared tv room with a fireplace .
just 150 metres away from praia de casa caiada beach , hotel pousada rio doce offers free wi - fi , a restaurant and 24 - hour front desk service .
free wifi access is also available in this property .
a flat - screen tv with cable is featured in each apartment at montreal luxury apartments - les etoiles . a desk and seating area are included .
from may to october , the silvretta all inclusive card is included in the rate .
the property comes with a flat - screen tv and i - pod dockin the living room .
all rooms at auberge de la vieille tour offer ocean views and have a private bathroom with shower .
it offers offers a savory breakfast each morning , panoramic mountains views , free wifi and a sauna .
there are 5 km of canals and waterways within the marina and marina martinique b & b has a pontoon boat for cruises .
for shoppers , millwood crossing , a renovated apple - packing warehouse , is home to several specialty shops , galleries and apple products .
s - bahn ( railway ) 300m .
they offer a variety of dishes ranging from italian trattoria - style meals to barbecue dishes .
linens and towels are also provided .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
a café serving caucasian cuisine is a short walk from nakhodka .
it features fully furnished holiday house with a separate living and dining area .
several times a day a bus takes you to the train station down to bex .
located 1 km from cornélio procópio ' s natural sciences museum , hotel midas offers a spa and wellness centre and a restaurant . free wifi and free private parking are available on site .
there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
they are complete with an en suite bathroom .
free private parking is available , and annaberg - buchholz train station is 9 km from the guest house .
apartments and rooms come with a wardrobe and a seating area with a sofa . the private bathrooms include towels .
a variety of restaurants , cafés and shops are less than a 5 - minute walk away .
grande centre point hotel terminal 21 offers the convenience of direct access to the sukhumvit mrt and asoke bts train stations .
both the m1 motorway and the a12 are a 5 - minute drive away .
the tulip creek hotel apartments features an international restaurant offering all - day dining .
set in pula , this air - conditioned apartment is 700 metres from pula arena . the unit is 300 metres from temple of augustus .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including skiing , cycling and horse riding .
the nearest airport is burgas airport , 22 km from the property .
james joyce coffetel shenyang south taiyuan branch features stylish accommodation , a restaurant and a 24 - hour cafe . the property offers free wifi in all areas .
a continental breakfast with homemade jams and fresh bread is served at the b & b .
a washing machine and air conditioning are included .
guests at solar del delta can enjoy the tennis court , hot tub , sauna , and spa and wellness facilities without charge .
the nearest airport is beziers cap d ' agde airport , 9 km from the property .
the property boasts views of the garden and is 400 metres from basilica of san frediano .
this 3 - bedroom holiday home offers access to a shared outdoor pool .
free parking with space for large trucks is available at mount vernon super 8 .
at khang phu hotel , guests will find a 24 - hour front desk .
you will find a gift shop at the property .
le siam heritage is a 10 - minute drive from patpong night market and asiatique the riverfront mall .
the restaurant is an important element of hotel restaurant du lac logis .
all studios and apartments are also equipped with a microwave oven , a tv with satellite channels and come with a private bathroom .
belgrade and belgrade airport are 65 km away .
guests can cook at the fully equipped kitchens .
rooms at griya yunika are air - conditioned and are fitted with a flat - screen tv , desk and electric kettle .
featuring an a la carte restaurant and a garden , zemara is conveniently situated just a 15 - minute walk from the hatfield gautrain station in pretoria .
there is free pickup from the warrnambool train or bus terminal .
the menu changes every season .
each modern room here has air conditioning and heating , as well as a flat - screen cable tv and a private bathroom with bath or shower , bathrobes and slippers .
guests can enjoy the on - site bar .
towels and bed linen are provided at townhouse u metro devyatkino .
rocky river golf course and the verizon wireless amphitheater are both 15 minutes away .
restaurant dewi ramona and leon beach bistro offer local and international specialties .
mount amiata is 30 km away , while grosseto is a 35 - minute drive from the property .
arsenal tavern backpackers hostel is a 10 - minute walk from finsbury park station and arsenal f . c ’ s emirates stadium .
select rooms offer views of the pool .
other facilities offered at the property include water sports facilities , a shared lounge and a ticket service .
the in - house restaurant is located in the manor building and serves swedish cuisine made from fresh local and seasonal ingredients . meals are accompanied with wines from the manor ’ s wine cellar .
dining options include a coffee shop and international restaurant .
there is a restaurant serving a wide variety of local and international dishes , and guests can also enjoy drinks at the bar .
a buffet breakfast is also served every day .
the property is less than one mile from brooklawn golf course .
guests will also find restaurants serving local and international cuisine within a 5 - minute walk .
the faculty of economics at the university of florence is 5 minutes ’ drive away , while the european university institute is 8 km away .
the ski lift connecting canillo to grandvalira ski resort is just 800 metres away .
mountain bike and jungle tracks as well as a camping site are located nearby the hotel , which provides bbq facilities and vehicle rentals upon request .
wallegg - lodge is a 2 - storey chalet and is located right at the ski slopes of the saalbach - hinterglemm - leogang ski area .
hotel plaza grande is set in a charming town house , where the writer dulce chacón was born .
the property offers free parking .
guesthouse on rustaveli features free wifi .
hotel splendido , in prcanj on the bay of kotor , benefits from an outdoor swimming pool with a large terrace featuring sun loungers .
guests can leave their car on site and admire dinosaur ’ s footprints 10 km away .
strategically located in district 1 , phung hoang hotel offers modern and comfortable accommodation just 500 metres from ben thanh market .
the area is popular for golfing and snorkelling .
extras include a desk .
there is a dining area and a kitchenette complete with an oven and a microwave .
la posada del rio is located walking distance from tilcara ’ s main square and commercial area .
all rooms have air conditioning and heating .
guests can relax on the sun terrace and in the lounge featuring a tiled stove .
florence short lets is a 20 - minute walk from firenze santa maria novella train station .
gradac bus station is 150 metres away .
loukas and emma houses is a complex of spacious apartments , each with a fully equipped kitchen , that open to a balcony or patio .
it offers free parking , free wireless internet and breathtaking views of the volcanic islets and the famous santorini cliffs .
a continental breakfast is served at the dining table at the rear of the yacht .
parking at the residence is free .
during summer , the hermitage provides a full programme of entertainment and beach games .
premier inn high wycombe / beaconsfield is next to the papermill brewers fayre restaurant , serving good pub classics in a welcoming environment .
guests can spend the day snorkeling or boating on the bay , while the kids have fun with organized activities such as drawing and handcrafts .
other facilities and services like laundry , dry cleaning , airport shuttle , and car hire are available with extra charges .
at pensjonat nowita you will find a terrace and a garden , provided with barbecue facilities . an infrared sauna is offered as is a steam room .
there is also a sports bar in the lounge and a pool bar .
towels and bed linen are offered in this self - catering accommodation .
in the rustic dining room , guests can enjoy breakfast , lunch and dinner .
the property is 100 metres from the sacred art museum and 400 metres from agustín rivera museum .
the nearest airport is nizhny novgorod international airport , 21 km from lesnoy kordon .
a mini market is available on site .
a business centre and fitness centre are provided at wenatchee la quinta inn and suites .
all units are built with wood .
at holiday home pula , guests will also find free barbecue facilities and free parking .
guests can dine in the on - site restaurant and there is also a shared tv lounge .
within 100 metres you will find shops , bars , cafes and restaurants .
corporate offices including atlas copco and general dynamics are also nearby .
a wide selection of wines is available .
with free wifi , epy house roma is 800 metres from the labaro train station .
the spacious apartments have been renovated and fitted with modern furniture .
staff can help arrange car rental and airport transfers .
other facilities include a barbeque and a children ' s playground .
this apartment is located 700 metres from bellevue square and 2 . 9 km from kelsey creek farm .
guests are welcome to use the washing machine , or read a book from the small library .
the property has water sports facilities and bike hire is available .
parking near the property is free .
the property serves daily breakfast .
the en suite bathroom includes a hairdryer and free toiletries .
the air - conditioned glasshouse cottages have wooden floors , floor - to - ceiling windows overlooking the mountains , and a fireplace in winter .
a 24 - hour front desk and newspapers are at guest ’ s disposal .
all rooms at the grand vista hotel have free cable tv and wi - fi .
a buffet breakfast is served each morning in the breakfast room . it includes a variety of fresh fruits , breads and cold meats , as well as a selection of hot and cold drinks .
every guest room at the north grapevine residence inn is furnished with a seating area , dining table and a work desk .
featuring a bath or a shower , bathrooms also come with towels .
breakfast and fresh rolls are available on request .
each has a private bathroom with hairdryer , toiletries and hydromassage shower .
for your comfort , you will find bathrobes and free toiletries .
there is a seating area , a dining area and a kitchen complete with an oven and a fridge .
the well - known porto katsiki beach is a 30 - minute drive away .
guests can enjoy an authentic japanese lunch and dinner at the restaurant bisaibishoku ozu .
they have private bathroom facilities and feature tea / coffee machine and a hair dryer .
some rooms can also accommodate guests with reduced mobility .
featuring stylish black and white tiled flooring , the 906 café serves a daily buffet breakfast .
parking is available for free . guests may enjoy the on - site restaurant .
the hotel is the ideal starting point for exploring the coast of goëlo , the pink granite coast and the isle of brehat .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk and gift shop at the property .
the property is 30 km from burgas airport and 100 km from varna airport .
guests at willow house can relax with cable tv and free tea and coffee .
just 400 metres from both ipanema and copacabana beach , apartment nabuco 102 is located in rio de janeiro .
the caravans come with a furnished outdoor area , a kitchenette and a sofa .
atmosphera petrogradsky is 5 . 5 km from moskovskiy train station , and 22 km from pulkovo airport .
golf is a popular activity in the area , as well as water sports .
the kitchen is equipped with a fridge .
free private parking is available on site .
the nearest airport is arrecife airport , 14 km from the property .
rooms at hotel böblinger haus are bright with wooden furniture .
located by tórshavn harbour , this hotel is 300 metres from the old town and government buildings at tinganes .
the property is a 5 - minute drive from nyaung shwe jetty and a 20 - minute drive from red mountain vineyard .
the dining hall at the aapnoheritage serves local vegetarian and non - vegetarian cuisine .
heary fare with local features can be expected in the on - site restaurant .
parking is free .
it features studios with a balcony overlooking the garden and the mountain .
the hotel offers a free airport shuttle service and 24 - hour front desk .
maderno apartment is a self - catering accommodation located in milan .
a cycling trail to šumná starts 200 metres away .
nam taley jomtien condominium offers accommodation in na jomtien . pattaya central is 8 km from the property .
on monday evenings raclette is served .
čakovec is 30 minutes ' drive away and zagreb airport is 1 hour and 30 minutes ' drive from the property .
bicycle rental and shuttle services are also available . the property offers free parking .
sochi discovery world aquarium and akvatoriya dolphinarium are within a 10 - minute walk of the property .
the rooms are equipped with a private bathroom . extras include slippers and free toiletries .
shops can be found about 100 metres away .
a shuttle service is available to the airport ( fees apply ).
the resort also offers car hire .
lien an hotel features modern rooms with free wi - fi .
the property is a 45 - minute drive from tangkuban perahu mountain and a 1 . 5 - hour drive from husein sastranegara airport .
the spacious air - conditioned rooms have pastel - coloured décors and furniture .
the bus station is close by , at 200 metres from the apartments , and buses run from there to the airport .
it is a 30 - minute drive from tian he east railway station and guangzhou city railway station . baiyun international airport is a 40 - minute drive away .
guests can choose from a variety of food options and starbucks coffee at the bistro and get drinks at the lobby lounge .
the large kitchen opens out to the terrace and features a dining table made of wooden pallets , and a modern layout .
the air - conditioned room will provide you with cable tv , a sofa , a refrigerator , a patio and outdoor seating area .
transfers from and to the airports are available for an additional charge .
the private bathroom is complete with a hairdryer .
wireless internet access is available free of charge .
you can cook your meals here , and enjoy it in the dining area .
this family resort in neddesitz , just a 10 - minute drive from the baltic sea , offers free wifi and 85 hectares of sport and leisure facilities .
sopockie apartamenty - nautilius apartment offers self - catered accommodation with free wifi in sopot , within 400 metres from the sopot railway station and 900 metres from the baltic sea and the sopot pier .
every unit comes with a private bathroom with bath robes and slippers . for your comfort , you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer .
a 24 - hour reception can assist guests with car and bicycle hire .
rooms at the republica have simple interiors with wooden floors and furnishings .
bicycle rentals are available for guests who wish to explore the city on their own .
features include a hot breakfast and an outdoor pool .
the tour includes access to the cloisters , roman wall , and the refectory .
guests can settle into one of the cosy armchairs at the reading room and enjoy quiet moments by the fireplace .
there is 24 - hour reception and a helpful tourdesk .
offering a private beach area and water sports facilities , mazurska arkadia is set in stare juchy in the warmia - masuria region . free wifi is provided throughout the property .
it is 450 metres to the nearest coast tram stop , which halts at knokke , de panne and other seaside resorts at the belgian coast .
situated in kūrchatov , this apartment features free wifi , a hot tub and a balcony with river views .
golden chicken hostel provides affordable accommodation only 800 metres from the vibrant dong ba market .
each accommodation features a rustic style and offers a tv , air conditioning and a patio .
free wifi is available in the lobby .
guests of villa masoneria can benefit from free , guarded parking on site .
this one - bedroom country house will provide you with a tv , a seating area and a terrace .
there is also a kitchen , fitted with an oven , microwave and refrigerator . a stovetop and kettle are also offered .
the shores of aarhus bugt are 1 km away .
at christella maisonettes guests will find a garden .
the hotel enjoys excellent links to the a8 motorway , to the exhibition grounds , airport and si - zentrum .
you can play table tennis at this inn , and the area is popular for fishing .
located on the countryside of hazerswoude - dorp , boomkwekerij en buitenplaats offers self - catering accommodation with free wifi access .
offering a flat - screen tv and tiled floors , the rooms at les hiboux are furnished with wooden furniture and come with a private bathroom .
a flat - screen tv and dvd player , as well as a cd player are featured .
vivipitigliano is a 25 - minute drive from lake bolsena .
xi ' an xianyang international airport is 45 minutes ' drive away .
all air conditioned units have kitchenettes with kitchenware , a refrigerator , a satellite tv and a balcony overlooking the sea .
guests at robin hill can also enjoy the licensed bar in the evenings . it has a variety of beers , wines and spirits on offer .
the hotel has a 24 - hour front desk offering photocopy and fax .
each has a private bathroom with a shower and towels .
options include international dishes at goji kitchen & bar , chinese cuisine at wan hao chinese restaurant , japanese cuisine at soba factory , and thai at siam tea room .
lecco is a 30 - minute drive from rooms delfino blu , while bellagio is 35 km away .
stintino can be reached in a 1 - hour drive , while alghero fertilia airport is 9 km away .
saint bavo square , which features the belfry , is less than a 10 - minute walk from the hotel .
all rooms at esaka hotel claiton are fitted with a flat - screen tv , fridge , electric kettle and desk .
facilities include a dishwasher , satellite tv and dvd player .
formula 1 grand prix baku is 3 . 9 km from apartment on heydar aliyev 105 , while azerbaijan opera and ballet theatre is 4 km from the property .
the apartment and all rooms at pension liebl all feature a seating area , a tv , and a private bathroom with a shower and hairdryer .
porto - vecchio is 40 km from b & b la residenza del mare , while olbia is 44 km from the property .
lençóis maranhenses national park is 40 km away .
in the h + ferienpark ' s main building , you will find a kiosk and a charming breakfast bistro with a large sun terrace .
ayr , troon and prestwick airport are all around 1 hour ’ s drive north of ballantrae .
each has a bathroom with a hairdryer .
del siglo shopping mall is 300 metres away .
the spacious rooms have tea and coffee facilities and satellite tvs with on - demand movies . all rooms include black - out curtains and double glazing .
there is a seating and / or dining area in some units .
the unit is equipped with a kitchen .
enjoy fresh japanese cuisine or traditional shanghainese cuisine .
guests can take a stroll on the corniche street , which is 5 minutes by car from al morouj inn hotel . doha international airport is a 10 - minute drive away .
grenada grand beach resort is located next to grand anse bay beach and 2 km from morne rouge beach .
balatonberényi ház is located 800 metres on foot from lake balaton , and offers self - catered holiday house with a garden and free barbecue facilities .
situated just a few steps from the sand and the sea , each of these beachfront apartments has a private balcony with stunning views over the pool , the beach and the coral sea .
towels and bed linen are included .
billund airport is located 65 km from the property .
coral island is a 20 - minute walk away .
šibenik is only a 15 - minute drive away .
bodrum castle is 1 . 1 km from bodrum marma hotel bodrum city , while halikarnas club is 1 . 1 km from the property .
featuring free wifi and a seasonal outdoor pool , hotel hofbrunn offers pet - friendly accommodation in rifiano .
some feature a computer .
it houses a restaurant that serves indian , continental and chinese dishes .
a buffet restaurant offering ranch style cuisine is available at stagecoach trails guest ranch .
located in flachau , 300 metres from the star jet 1 chairlift , ferienwohnungen rupertihaus offers a sauna , free bicycles for guests , and free wifi access in all areas .
rooms are air - conditioned and feature cable tv , a minibar and an en suite bathroom with hot shower facilities , toiletries and a hairdryer .
select suites include a full kitchen .
wi - fi is available at a surcharge .
the property offers free parking .
the nearest airport is paphos international airport , 20 km from the property .
at la casa de gaspar you will find a 24 - hour front desk , barbecue facilities and a terrace . other facilities offered include a shared lounge , a tour desk and luggage storage .
grand place is 700 metres from residence congres , while the king ' s house is 700 metres from the property .
free wine - tasting and a visit of the winery is available on request .
a continental breakfast is served every morning , which can be taken in the dining room overlooking the park , or on the garden terrace .
less than 3 km from hillerstorp town centre , this homestay is 20 km from värnamo .
located near national highways , the guesthouse is a 17 - minute drive to águeda , a 22 - minute drive to aveiro and a 40 - minute drive to coimbra .
the homestay also offers bike hire .
facilities include a communal laundry area with 2 washing machines and a large garden , equipped with tables and chairs a barbecue area , and a children ' s playground .
located close to the centre of saint flour , logis auberge de la providence offers a warm and friendly welcome in a family - run hotel set in a peaceful area .
guangzhou xing yi da biao international apartment hotel is a 10 - minute drive from pazhou exhibition hall .
the younger guests will enjoy the on - site children ’ s playground and swing set .
all the bedrooms are unique and each has its own bathroom with free toiletries . facilities include tea / coffee maker , ipod docking stations and cd and dvd players .
certain units have views of the mountain or pool .
offering spectacular views of the sea , air - conditioned villa consists of 4 bedrooms , a lounge and dining area , and en suite bathroom facilities .
it features clean rooms with free wi - fi and a sun terrace offering views of yangshuo town and surrounding mountains .
the accommodation features a seating and dining area .
airport shuttle service is also offered at a surcharge .
sea n ' rent - shimon hatzadik 6 / 2 features views of the city and is 1 . 5 km from independence hall museum .
business travelers will appreciate the business center , a computer with internet and access to copy and fax services .
dubrovnik bus station and ferry port are 13 km from the property .
each room at this hotel is air conditioned and comes with a tv with cable channels .
some rooms offer beautiful views of the aegean sea .
candolim is 38 km from tripthrill dona rosa apartment , while anjuna is 46 km from the property .
the two private bathrooms come with showers .
the kitchen comes with an oven .
the local bus stop is about 200 metres away from the ana rooms .
free private parking is offered nearby the archontariki villa .
rooms at hotel de la ville are decorated and classically furnished and have carpeted floors .
a ski storage room with a ski boot dryer can be used at rosenhof pension .
the hotel is just a few minutes ’ walk from local restaurants and shops , and boats can be rented 300 metres from the property .
free wifi is provided .
all rooms come with private bathrooms and free internet access .
all rooms include a seating area , satellite tv and private bathroom , and some have a balcony .
some accommodation is suitable for guests with reduced mobility .
on request , breakfast can be enjoyed daily at the property and dinner is served at the on - site restaurant .
decorated in pastel colours , they include a kitchenette or kitchen with a mini oven with cooking hobs , fridge and coffee maker .
each comprises a kitchenette , a dining area and a flat - screen cable tv .
bathroom has free toiletries and a hairdryer .
free wifi is available .
the salmon arm travelodge is 6 . 5 km from salmon arm golf club , and is about 25 km from enderby cliffs trail .
open for all - day dining , the siam restaurant serves thai and european specialities .
a flat - screen tv is available .
the family - run gordons bay guesthouse is surrounded by the helderberg / hottentot holland mountains and boasts stunning views across false bay to table mountain .
cannes train station is located 2 . 5 km from the apartment and la croisette is only 150 metres away .
the beautiful gion and shijo area is a 10 - minute drive away , while tou - ji temple and kyoto terrsa is a 10 - minute walk away .
the property also offers discounts on entrance to portaventura them park and tarragona cathedral .
from there , you can easily reach sights such as the alte brücke bridge and ludwigskirche church .
residence inn saratoga springs is a 40 - minute drive from albany international airport .
a 5 - minute walk will also take you to a variety of shops and restaurants .
guest rooms at hôtel de la mer are equipped with a tv , telephone and free wi - fi internet access .
the nearest airport is riga international airport , 12 km from the property , while the nearest bus stop is 200 metres away .
there is a 24 - hour front desk and a garden .
beach bars and restaurants can be found within short walking distance .
the private bathroom comes with a shower .
the bed and breakfast is next to via laietana and is 5 minutes ’ walk from barcelona ’ s charming gothic quarter .
koprivnica is 27 km from the property , while đurđevac is at a distance of 18 km .
all units have a kitchen equipped with a refrigerator and stovetop .
free wifi access and parking are available .
villa la mer is located in warnemünde and offers self - catered apartments .
fitted with tiled flooring , each room comes with a tv and refrigerator .
guests can enjoy a refreshing drink at any one of the resort ’ s 3 bars .
barents frokosthotell is within a 5 - minute walk of a variety of restaurants and cafés .
it offers beautiful countryside views and a quiet location .
it offers self - catering accommodation with air conditioning and a furnished terrace with sea views .
kuala lumpur international airport is 86 km away .
free wifi is available and free private parking is available on site .
a range of local and international restaurants , as well as bars and cafes are located within a 10 - minute walk from the hotel .
various dining options can be found a short walk from the inn . mini - hotel pride has a snack bar on site .
all studios have a terrace or balcony overlooking the sea or velebit mountain .
guests can enjoy the local shops and shisha cafes at marina walk promenade which is a 1 - minute drive away .
each includes a private or a shared bathroom with a bath or a shower .
benlig guest house offers accommodation in salcete .
located just 200 metres from the beaches of la croisette , hôtel anna livia is a 7 - minute walk from the palais des festivals .
the 24 - hour market offers a small selection of snacks
a tv is featured .
a generous breakfast is available until 09 : 30 and includes homemade pastries , donuts and muffins .
a washing machine as well as ironing facilities are included .
the apartment will provide you with air conditioning and a terrace . there is a full kitchen with a refrigerator and a coffee machine . the private bathroom also comes with a shower .
free public parking is available on site at the apartment .
city centre can be reached in 15 minutes with public transportation .
this property offers private and dormitory rooms .
free on site private parking is available .
all air - conditioned studios and apartments open to a balcony with straight or side views of the aegean sea .
towels and bed linen are available at apartamento strachan 11 .
tourist house ghiberti ' s rooms are air - conditioned and feature a free internet terminal , a computer , a dvd / cd player with a selection of films , sound speakers , and earphones by the beds .
situated in podstrana , 150 metres from the beach , villa palmas offers apartments with impressive views of the adriatic sea .
here , guests can relax in the shared tv lounge or use the communal kitchen .
all rooms at scandic luleå have a tv , desk and private bathroom with shower .
cebu city is 13 km from sebastien hotel , while mandaue city is 9 km away .
the fitness centre , full - service spa , and tennis court are on site for added convenience .
each room is stocked with 2 bottles of water daily .
toulouse - blagnac airport is located 55 km from petit saussignac .
studio gornaya offers accommodation in divnomorskoye , 9 km from gelendzhik .
free wifi access is available .
each villa includes a seating area and a tv with satellite channels , as well as 3 - bedrooms and 2 bathrooms with a walk - in shower .
the hermitage and nevsky prospekt are within a 5 - minute walk . admiralteyskaya metro station is within a 7 - minute walk .
assos beach is 300 metres away .
fluently - conversed in english and vietnamese , the friendly staff at danh uy 2 hotel may assist guests with luggage storage , laundry and ticketing services .
the property offers free parking .
the classic - style apartment has a washing machine and cable tv .
the chalet offers free private parking on - site
hounslow shopping centre is nearby .
the property offers free parking .
various music events take place in bo ka pubi and guests can also relax with a drink there .
every room at this inn is air conditioned and features a flat - screen tv .
residence l ’ nagler has a laundry room with washing machine in the basement and a free outdoor car park .
each apartment scheibel features a private entrance , bright interiors , satellite tv and views of the garden .
apart hotel blumenau is 3 km from osorno shopping centre .
practical rooms with free wi - fi are offered only 100 metres from cusco ’ s main square .
the property features a 24 - hour restaurant and a courtyard with fruit trees .
riva del garda town centre is 3 km away .
puigcerdá is 40 minutes ’ drive away and andorra is 52 km away .
the reception desk is available 24 - hours a day at morton americas best value inn . a launderette is also on site .
the bright and modern apartment offers a balcony , a seating and dining area with tv and a fully equipped kitchen with stove , microwave and a refrigerator .
the restaurant serves swiss and international cuisine and many regional specialities .
services at the corona also include an indoor swimming pool , free parking spaces and free wi - fi access in public areas .
the terrace also offers a spectacular view over the church of st . giovanni battista , one of the architectonic treasures of the city .
situated close to cafes , pubs and eateries , ken guesthouse is just 20 metres from the beach and 1 km from suoi tien amusement park .
the pet - friendly accommodation is air conditioned and is fitted with a cable flat - screen tv . some units have a seating area and / or balcony .
in summer , it is served under the gazebo out on the terrace .
each air - conditioned room features a flat - screen tv , safe and seating area .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out the red beach at 3 . 2 km .
dalsland moose ranch is just a 20 - minute walk away .
siblyback lake , with its range of watersport activities , is 4 miles from wheal tor , and plymouth and looe are both 15 miles away .
fresh - caught seafood and homemade bread are served in the on - site restaurant , which is decorated with the artwork of local artists .
okhotny ryad metro station is 500 metres away .
private bathrooms also come with a shower .
the property offers free parking .
elegantly decorated with modern furnishings , parquet floors and soft colours , the air - conditioned villa includes a fully equipped kitchen , a living room , a dining area and a bathroom with spa bath .
ski equipment hire is available at this resort and the area is popular for hiking .
a selection of restaurants can be found within a 5 - minute walking distance of the accommodation .
the nearest airport is ngurah rai international airport , 11 km from the property .
the nearest airport is split airport , 53 km from the property .
poggio piglia is a unique property in the hamlet of macciano in the tuscan countryside .
the nearest airport is elefthérios venizélos airport , 6 km from naki villa .
hotel laguna 24 is located near the industrial area in bogota and offers a daily complimentary breakfast , free wi - fi access , and can accommodate large groups .
ataturk international airport is 18 km from the property .
yekaterinburg train station is within a 7 - minute drive of apartment on dekabristov and koltsovo international airport is 16 . 5 km away .
a children ’ s playground and the public outdoor swimming pool freibad stumm can be reached in a 5 - minute walk .
cancun international airport can be reached in a 60 - minute drive .
guests at the monroe towneplace suites can access a launderette .
you can sample a variety of alcoholic and non - alcoholic beverages at the bar , and enjoy your lunch and dinner at nearby restaurants .
free wifi access is available in the entire property .
a hairdryer is included in an en suite bathroom .
most units enjoy panoramic views over the cretan sea from their furnished verandas .
vilnius airport is 10 km away .
the hotel is 300 metres from prudential center , 700 metres from new jersey performing arts center and 700 metres from newark station .
miramare is located 10 km from chania town and 20 km from chania airport , while souda port is at 20 km .
the dr . pepper museum is 5 minutes ’ drive from deluxe inn .
the b & b is conveniently located in an area full of shops , restaurants and banks , and it is a 10 - minute drive from the marina .
free entrance is provided for 2 hours , in winter , at wasserwelt amadé , while in summer , guests have full access .
all air - conditioned rooms at protea hotel have a well - lit work desk and a tv with multilingual channels .
it is a 15 - minute walk the königsallee , the old town and the river rhine .
both rooms have their own private bathroom with walk - in shower , separate sink and toilet . each rooms comes with a flat - screen tv with cable channels .
cassis with its scenic , steep - sided coves is only a 20 - minute drive away .
kandy town and peradeniya are 2 km away , while colombo city and bandaranaike international airport are approximately a 3 - hour drive away .
set in the perche regional nature park , this hotel is just 16 km from nogent - le - rotrou and provides free private parking .
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings , including skiing , cycling and fishing .
traditional dishes from the region prepared with organic produce can also be enjoyed , upon prior reservation .
the nearest airport is brindisi - salento airport , 39 km from b & b francesca .
hampton inn tomah rooms include a microwave and coffee maker . the rooms are equipped with ironing facilities .
the tahoe beach club resort is located directly on beautiful lake george .
the studios offer a bathroom , a fully equipped kitchenette , flat - screen tv with cable channels and a washing machine .
the lal bahadur shastri international airport is 18 km away .
free private parking and free wifi are available .
the town of o grove is a 5 - minute drive away , while sanxenxo is 20 km from the hotel .
paestum train station is 2 . 5 km away .
set on 10 acres of lovely gardens , it features an indoor pool , a hot tub and free wi - fi .
situated 500 metres from the beach of the black sea and located in sunny beach , apartments in green homes offers an outdoor pool and sun loungers .
some come with a terrace .
pousada porto canal is conveniently located for guests to enjoy water sports .
situated 300 metres from the sandy levante beach , these apartments are ideal for a family holiday in the sun .
other facilities offered include luggage storage and ski storage .
a shared , fully equipped kitchen is available for the guests to use .
the hardap national park is 53 km away .
you can play billiards at the property , and the area is popular for skiing .
the trip to the kremlin by public transport takes about 10 minutes .
the staff can help you to arrange meetings , a trip to the dead sea , jerash , wadi rum , aqaba , petra , or any other attraction in jordan .
bathrobes and ironing facilities are included .
free wifi is available .
guests will appreciate the many thoughtful conveniences available at the grande allee , including in - room dvd players and complimentary wireless internet access .
villa de berlanga hotel ’ s air - conditioned rooms feature smart décor and are equipped with a 32 - inch flat - screen tv .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out whistler mountain bike park ( 5 km ) and alpha lake park ( 500 m ).
the cosy restaurant uses local , organic produce in its dishes .
at hostal fortaleza inn guests will find a 24 - hour front desk , a garden and a bar .
a chargeable airport shuttle can be arranged upon request .
the nearest airport is chhatrapati shivaji international mumbai airport , 5 km from oyo apartments powai lake view .
guests benefit from balcony .
the distance to scuol is 27 km .
many restaurants and shops are within 5 minutes ’ walk and you can buy fresh produce at the central market , 3 minutes ’ walk away .
at crazy mzungos you will find a garden and a bar .
located in shahekou district , dalian golf business hotel is within a 5 - minute walk of xinghai square .
the en suite bathroom includes a bathrobe , hairdryer and free toiletries .
the coast , with its beautiful beaches , is just 6 km form the galleppa masseria .
with on - site car hire services , guests at the mccormick place hyatt regency can easily explore the surrounding area as well as chicago city centre attractions , including navy pier and soldier field .
guests can relax after a busy day in the city on the hotel ' s terrace .
other options can be found within 900 metres .
all of them have tv sets and dvd players .
laundry facilities are provided on site and the hotel can arrange overnight camel trips across the sand dunes .
there is a private bathroom with a bath .
a supermarket , shops , bars and restaurants are 1 . 8 km away in son bou .
the closest coffee shop is a 3 - minute walk away .
featuring a flat - screen tv with cable , each room at the holiday inn express hotel & suites portales is equipped with tea and coffee making facilities . the spacious rooms include a fridge and microwave .
the bathroom is complete with a bath or shower .
a variety of cafés and restaurants can be found within a 10 - minute walk of the hotel .
it is a 20 - minute drive from ramayana department store and a 30 - minute drive from sultan mahmud badaruddin ii airport .
all apartments at el greco are spacious and air conditioned .
situated 13 km from canal du midi and 12 km from the a62 motorway , domaine de las bouzigues is set in a 19th century old mansion .
free wifi is available .
you will find a kettle in the room . all rooms are equipped with a private bathroom fitted with a bath .
private bathrooms also come with a shower .
palermo is 44 km away .
the property offers free parking .
each bedroom has mosquito nets and a private bathroom with free toiletries .
shops , bars and cafés can be found in the streets surrounding the gothic .
free private parking is possible on site .
just off highway 59 , this hotel is a 5 - minute drive from rosenberg civic & convention center .
wi - fi is free throughout , and the property provides free private parking on site .
an array of activities can be enjoyed in the surroundings , including kite surfing and hiking .
king fahd stadium is 12 km from rokn rahati alnozhah .
featuring a private outdoor swimming pool , a patio and bbq facilities , villa jarmila is situated just 3 km from el arenal beach in javea .
the tour desk can arrange cruises on the river tajo and alcántara ’ s lakes are within a short drive .
the motel offers discounts at timeless destination restaurant & lounge , which is 2 minutes ’ drive and serves italian cuisine .
old meets new here , as they also include a flat - screen tv with satellite channels and air conditioning .
all units feature a flat - screen tv .
kitchenware is featured . a flat - screen tv and a blu - ray player , a cd player and a dvd player are offered .
towels are provided .
centrally located in rome , bobo house is set a 5 - minute walk from termini train station .
offering an outdoor pool , 24 - house front desk and free wifi , cool palms motel is located in mackay .
the hotel is a 15 - minute drive from changsha train station .
this property is a short walk from the ski lifts and offers free wi - fi access .
the rooms feature views of the city and doi suthep mountain .
staff at the pos chiquito apartments can provide information about the surrounding area and the rest of aruba .
free wifi is featured .
extras include a desk and ironing facilities .
all rooms have shared bathrooms .
it offers private bungalows with en suite bathrooms and free on - site parking .
the sofienberg park is 400 metres away .
the rooms include a flat - screen tv . certain units feature a seating area where you can relax . a terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms .
come home to a sundowner cocktail after a busy day of sightseeing or business dealings , safe in the knowledge that a quiet , comfortable night ’ s sleep awaits you .
a breakfast with 3 types of options is available .
towels and bed linen are available .
a private pick up service from the airport with the hotel ' s porsche can be arranged for a fee .
free parking is available to the rear , and the beautiful new forest national park is just a 30 - minute drive away .
jeju international airport is 38 km away .
other features include free wifi , in - room ironing facilities , free toiletries and towels .
situated in brussels , this apartment features a terrace . apartment city central sablon boasts views of the city and is 300 metres from manneken pis .
van horn knights inn has an outdoor swimming pool and hot tub .
kandy hill home stay offers accommodation in kandy .
set 15 minutes ’ walk from llança port , hostal lara is located in llança , in the costa brava .
with a private entrance and views of the garden , the rustic - style apartments have outdoor furniture .
the bathroom includes a washing machine , hairdryer and free toiletries .
the grenadian golf club is 6 km from the resort .
for those who prefer to spend their holidays actively , nordic walking and mountain biking in the beautiful landscapes as well as skiing at the local small ski centre is offered .
boat parking is available .
the nearest airport is vnukovo international airport , 1 km from the property .
a balcony or patio are featured in certain rooms .
guest house slavaiya is set in anapa , 41 km from novorossiysk .
the kremlin and the red square are a 15 - minute walk away .
large & bright apartment in the heart of constanta features 3 bedrooms , a living room , 2 bathrooms , and a fully equipped kitchen with a dining area .
camping aguas claras is 3 km from the portuguese border .
additional features include free wi - fi available throughout the property .
myokoku - ji temple is about a 10 - minute drive away .
málaga can be reached in 1 hour by car .
the property is a 6 - minute drive from jr ishiuchi station .
other services like laundry , dry cleaning and take - away lunches are offered at hotel sierra mar .
featuring a private swimming pool , villa en petra is set in a renovated majorcan farmhouse in the town of petra , in mallorca .
a flat - screen tv is available .
many shops and restaurants can be found in chamonix .
lukou international airport is a 40 - minute car journey away .
they are located in warnemünde , a 3 - minute walk from the train station and a 20 - minute train ride from rostock .
featuring free wifi , six apartment simona offers accommodation in vilnius .
there is a full kitchenette with an oven and a refrigerator .
car rental services are available within 200 metres .
the property is 5 km from ban cha - am railway station and 5 . 3 km from maruekkhathaiyawan palace .
dartmoor national park is 16 miles from the building , and there is free wi - fi and free parking on site .
you can enjoy city view from the room .
apartment murcia also includes a barbecue .
new smyrna beach city centre is just 8 minutes ’ drive from best western edgewater inn .
hotel park 10 is situated in the el poblado neighborhood , 4 - blocks from the central parque lleras square .
rooms are bright and well - appointed .
apartment paris - lenoir is a one - bedroom apartment located in paris , a 15 - minute walk from place de la bastille and a 10 - minute walk from the famous père lachaise cemetery .
special diet menus are also offered upon request .
volksoper vienna can be reached within 600 metres , whereas the vienna city hall is situated 2 . 2 km from the property .
the hotel has good road links to junction 3 of the m5 motorway .
the closest restaurant is only 30 metres away .
staff are willing to help all guests at the front desk .
executive and business suites are available with upgrades like pillow - top mattresses .
check out the new add - on option when booking and guarantee your half - board service in advance .
ben gurion airport is located at a distance of 9 km .
located 2 . 1 km from holy transfiguration monastery , apartment tolbukhina offers pet - friendly accommodation in yaroslavl .
at harmony deluxe apartment you will find a terrace . the property offers free parking .
hostal paramonga is located in nazca . free wifi access is available .
the nearest airport is adler - sochi international airport , 7 km from the property .
rooms are clean and comfortable and offer views of the sea , victoria harbour and the cityscape .
the nearest ski lift of the gosau - dachstein west ski resort is 7 km away , while hallstatt and the steeg - gosau train station are 15 km away from the pilz ferienwohnung .
a restaurant , a bar and a grocery shop are available in riscone , within 1 km of the property .
the bathroom comes with a shower and free toiletries .
penedo bus terminal is 16 km from campanário .
lutong guesthouse offers affordable accommodation in langfang , with convenience transportation .
rooms here will provide you with air conditioning , a minibar and cable tv . there is also an electric kettle .
extras include a barbecue , an outdoor seating area and bed linen .
each air - conditioned room boasts a microwave , a refrigerator and a coffee - machine .
each air - conditioned room here will provide you with a satellite tv . featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with free toiletries .
the world of coca cola is located 10 miles away .
shuttle service can be requested to and from the train and bus station for surcharge .
the room is fitted with a private bathroom equipped with a shower .
willa radosna is located in a quiet area of karpacz , 850 metres from the town centre .
linens and towels are provided .
please note : in case of good snow conditions , the house is accessible on skis .
with a patio , each rustic - style apartment comes with a kitchen and a flat - screen tv . a shower is included in the private bathroom .
free wifi access is available in this homestay .
the all - you - can - eat breakfast includes traditional cooked items , including vegetarian sausages .
the bathroom comes with a bathtub .
the air - conditioned rooms at the hacienda feature a ceiling fan and a private bathroom with a shower .
ensuite bathrooms are included .
featuring a bath , private bathroom includes a hairdryer and bathrobes .
the property ’ s extensive grounds feature a tennis court , hot tub and bbq facilities .
tuyap fair convention & congress center is 12 km from the property and cnr expo center is 30 km away .
free wifi is available throughout the hotel .
it offers free wi - fi , modern design and an italian restaurant . on - site parking is free .
free wi - fi is available .
guests can also relax in the property ' s hot tub or in the sun terrace .
located in bari , suite fiera mare is 750 metres from the nearest sandy beach .
the hotel provides shuttle service to marbella club golf resort , where you can golf for free .
the artists ' colony of schwalenberg is also nearby .
set on extensive grounds , on the edge of the oria river , this guest house features spectacular views .
free wifi is available throughout the property .
there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
certain rooms feature a seating area for your convenience .
casa giorgia is located in the centre of trapani , 500 metres from the beach .
alternatively , a selection of dining options is available near the port and beaches .
this crestview , florida stay suites of america is located just off i - 10 and 5 miles from the sasquatch zoo .
rooms are air - conditioned , and feature a flat - screen tv with satellite channels , an electric kettle and an en suite bathroom with shower facilities .
sirmione is 46 km from villa fedreghino , while brescia is 17 km away .
dar mounir ’ s café is only 50 metres from the hotel . it is very close to the mosque of outa el hamam .
some rooms feature a terrace with a view to the main square and pedestrian area .
bike hire and car hire are available at this hotel and the area is popular for fishing .
free wifi is available in the restaurant , where guests can enjoy the continental breakfast that is served .
bundesplatz s - bahn ( city rail ) station is just 300 metres away .
element frankfurt airport hotel features bright and spacious suites and studios decorated with contemporary interiors .
a flat - screen tv with cable channels is offered .
lilybrook rangiora motel ' s tour desk books local activities such as forest walking tracks , fishing charters and whale watching tours .
as well as elegant interiors , a flat - screen tv and all rooms at the property have a private bathroom that comes with a shower , a hairdryer and free toiletries .
guests here have the option to prepare their own meals , thanks to the apartment ’ s fully equipped kitchen .
the popular sants estacio stadium is just 2 km away .
just 12 minutes ’ drive from hector international airport , this fargo , north dakota hotel features an indoor pool and hot tub .
the property offers free parking .
apartmán štrba comes with a terrace , a kitchenette , a seating area and a private bathroom .
chill up also includes a barbecue . guests can enjoy a drink at the on - site bar .
air - conditioned rooms at the parlour inn include ironing facilities and an alarm clock .
have a quiet sleep and wake up feeling like a prince or princess .
swimming and fishing in the lake are other area activities .
it is now a 32 - bedroom hotel offering free wi - fi , and free parking .
riva lofts & suites is offering this spacious junior suite with views of lyon ’ s place ainay .
a sweet italian breakfast buffet with croissants , jam and hot drinks is served daily .
verona airport is 35 km away .
captain hotel is situated in zatoka , 48 km from odessa .
in the evenings , the success bar , equipped with free nintendo wii consoles , serves delicious cocktails and german beers .
guests can indulge in a relaxing body massage , or sing karaoke .
the nearest airport is rijeka airport , 12 km from apartment lucy .
featuring free wifi , zen rooms chaofa east road is located in chalong , 500 metres from chalong pier .
a wide variety of western and asian delights can be prepared by the in - house chef .
guests also enjoy free shuttle to a nearby restaurant .
all suites come with a living area and flat - screen , satellite tv . a mini fridge , electric kettle and minibar are also provided .
the non - smoking property houses a shop and accommodation with free internet access .
car and bike rentals can be arranged by the 24 - hour reception .
some rooms include views of the mountains or garden .
it is 40 km from annecy and 79 km from chamonix .
the nearest airport is utapao - rayong - pataya international airport , 25 km from the property .
situated a 15 minute walk from the blue flag certified beach on the gdańsk bay and 1 . 8 km from ergo arena , apartament jagiellońska 32g8 offers pet - friendly accommodation in gdańsk . the apartment is 1 . 9 km from olivia hall and 5 minute walk from the seaside ronald reagan park .
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower and bidet in every unit .
perigiali air - conditioned units are decorated with respect to the local style and enjoy views to the pool , the sea , the gardens or the castle .
they are 1 . 5 km from trier main station , 3 km from the university of trier and 50 km from frankfurt hahn airport .
at bugry beach house inn you will find a garden , a terrace and a bar . other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including hiking .
there is a dining area , equipped kitchen and 2 bathrooms .
it offers an indoor swimming pool , whirlpool , sunbed and a sauna and can accommodate up to six persons .
the apartment is 1 . 8 km from louvre museum .
guests can benefit from a complimentary welcome drink .
the helios is 2 . 5 km from monza train station , with direct links to milan city centre and to rho exhibition centre .
a cable tv with a dvd player , a kitchen with a dining area and a washing machine and tumble dryer are featured in all apartments at innsbrook village ruidoso .
for your comfort , you will find slippers and free toiletries .
fort lauderdale is 19 km from ocean front luxury suites sunny isles beach .
a fitness room with a hot tub is available .
dalaman airport is 30 km from pasha villas .
guests can order their breakfast which is served in the main olimp complex building 150 metres away .
pollensa town centre can be reached in a 20 minute walk and has a range of dining options and shops .
the elegantly decorated rooms of the ramada boston are equipped with free wi - fi , cable tv and a coffee maker .
it features an outdoor swimming pool .
bellos beach is around 12 km from corfu port .
the kitchenette comes with an oven , microwave and fridge .
they include a flat - screen tv with cable channels , a laptop safe box and a minibar .
many international and local restaurants , pubs and clubs are within a 10 - minute walk from the guesthouse .
lockable bicycle parking is also available .
altos de la costa offers massage treatments , available for an extra fee .
scandinavian - style rooms come with a seating area and a coffee machine .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including skiing , hiking and canoeing .
urumqi people ' s park is 1 . 2 km from thunder bird international youth hostel , while urumqi the united states shopping mall is 1 . 6 km away .
located in umhausen in the ötz valley , a 7 - minute walk from the village centre , haus matthias offers a large garden and free private parking .
free private parking is available .
the restaurant is open for lunch and dinner and many of its recipes include homegrown produce .
there is a shared kitchen at the property .
certain rooms have a seating area for your convenience .
kahler asten is 1 . 2 km away .
towels and bed linen are available .
there are a number of dinning options in ximenting .
free shuttle services from and to the port and the airport are available upon request .
pacacioglu bag evi offers rooms with carved wood ceilings and natural wooden floors with turkish hand - woven carpets .
at madhu resort you will find a 24 - hour front desk and a garden .
the bars , restaurants and shops of the barnsbury area are within a 5 - minute walk from the guesthouse .
a kitchen is offered at these apartments in kiev city centre , 600 metres from pecherskaya metro station and 300 metres from international friendship metro station .
featuring a pc , each room at aubeson motel is well - equipped with a flat - screen tv , fridge and electric kettle .
this hotel is set within the 27 - hole costa ballena golf club , designed by josé maría olazábal .
free private parking is available on site .
select villas have a balcony or porch as well .
the property offers free parking .
this holiday home is 82 km from billund airport .
set just off the motorway , park hotel congressi is close to potenza ' s business area and just 5 minutes ' drive from the historic centre .
at hotel del valle , enjoy santiago guests have access to natura vitale wellness spa equipped with a fitness centre , and a heated indoor and outdoor swimming pool .
apartment venezuela 701 offers accommodation in playa de las americas .
meribel , courchevel and les menuires ski resort are all within a 40 - minute drive .
set at a peaceful location a few steps from the banks of meuse river , the self - catering gîte la source in profondeville offers free use of bicycles to explore the countryside , as well as free wifi and a private garden with a terrace .
the george eastman house is situated 4 . 5 miles from the courtyard rochester east / penfield .
each one features an lcd tv , minibar and a balcony .
drinks and coffee are served by the poolside bar .
this functional apartment will provide you with air conditioning , a flat - screen tv , a seating area and a full kitchen . there is also a washing machine . private bathroom includes a shower .
shuttle service is provided on request .
the kitchen comes with a microwave . a flat - screen tv with cable channels is offered .
a guest kitchen includes a microwave , tea and coffee - making facilities and a toaster .
free parking space is available on site .
other facilities offered include luggage storage and laundry .
the private bathrooms are complete with a shower , hairdryers are available on request .
a pub - like atmosphere with aperitifs and live sport feed can be found at the on - site mayfair cafe .
there are 2 double bedrooms and 1 twin bedroom .
each self - catering trullo will provide you with a terrace , a kitchenette and a sofa .
they come with a tv , while toiletries , slippers and a hairdryer are provided .
the spa area features a sauna , hot tub and a relaxation area with herbal teas .
the nearest airport is narimanovo airport , 6 km from the property .
set in the sakana valley , in the village of iturmendi , casa rural nemesio is a 2 - bedroom house with free wifi and mountain views .
fitted with wooden flooring , classic rooms feature a seating area .
armstrong atlantic state university and hunter army airfield are 8 km away .
piteşti is 48 km from motel davvero , while călimăneşti is 13 km from the property .
acc liverpool is 3 . 2 km from sefton grange , while liverpool echo arena is 3 . 2 km from the property .
situated in the typical engadin village of ardez with its historic sgraffito - adorned houses , the schorta ' s alvetern offers grisons cuisine , free internet access and a ski shuttle .
some offer city views .
highlands reserve gc ( 1 . 1 km ) and the ridgewood lakes golf and country club ( 12 . 4 km ) are nearby .
the front desk is available 24 / 7 .
housed in a building from 1749 , hotel pigalle offers bright , colourful rooms with a large flat - screen tv , seating area and carpeted floors .
offering an outdoor swimming pool , villa famara is located in famara , 10 minutes ’ walk from the beach . the charming chalet has a garden and impressive mountain and sea views .
facilities include outdoor furniture and bbq facilities .
located in the seaside village of algajola , this hotel overlooks the bay and has direct access to the beach .
breakfast is offered every morning .
for active leisure , it offers a sports court for tennis and football .
the cala montero ii apartments are 2 . 5 km from the centre of vinarós .
the memorial temple built in the memory of gandhiji , kirti mandir is 2 km away while the sudama temple is 1 km away .
cordoba airport is 150 km away and mina clavero bus terminal is 600 metres away .
edinburgh airport is a half an hour ’ s drive from the hotel .
nearby activities include hiking and fishing .
certain rooms come with free instant coffee / tea .
free wi - fi is available .
a hairdryer , clock radio and ironing facilities come standard in each comfortable room .
offering a children ' s playground and views of the sea , highland apartments candolim is located in candolim .
including a dining area and a fully equipped kitchen , property offers a private bathroom fitted with a bath . a flat - screen tv is provided in a seating area .
the resort has an outdoor pool , children ' s playground and sun terrace .
guests can enjoy the spa area at the hotel arnika which features a sauna , steam room , infra - red sauna and a relaxation area with infra - red lighting .
the hostel also offers bike hire .
other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage .
xing xin hotel is 13 km from dunhuang airport and dunhuang railway station .
the accommodation is less than 7 km from kuala lumpur golf and country club .
the living room comes with a flat - screen satellite tv , sofa bed , cd player and radio .
during the stay , guests have access to free wifi .
some rooms have a private bathroom with shower .
there is a dining area and a kitchen as well as a private bathroom . a flat - screen tv with cable channels is featured .
luggage storage is offered and you can hire a car or bicycle from reception .
allee shopping centre is 1 . 5 km away , while gellért hill and thermal bath are 2 . 4 km from the hostel buda dream . the city centre can be reached in a 20 - minute ride using public transportation .
guests enjoy views of a lake , the 7th tee of the scenic golf course and the forested hills in the backdrop .
each room comes with a private bathroom .
it offers country - style rooms and free parking .
each has a private bathroom with a shower .
beach towels can also be rented upon request .
on - site private parking is for free .
bike rental is offered on site .
light meals , tapas and cakes are available from the cafeteria .
the property also offers free parking .
holiday home hejsager strandby haderslev iii is a six person cottage located in kelstrup strand .
rooms are equipped with a flat - screen tv . each room is fitted with a private bathroom .
free wifi is provided in all units .
the local tennis court and mini golf course are just a 2 - minute walk away .
rooms at the hotel hirsch will provide you with cable tv , a balcony and an en suite bathroom with hairdryer .
offering a seasonal outdoor swimming pool and a fitness centre , the harborfront inn is centrally located near the shops and restaurants in greenport .
at il piastraio you will find a garden . the property offers free parking .
cala de la font is 300 metres from vikingo , while house of illusion is 2 . 8 km from the property .
all rooms have a modern bathroom with free toiletries and a hairdryer .
other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage .
the hotel offers air - conditioned rooms with a minibar and a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
restaurants and a grocery store are within easy walking distance .
the apartments of apartmentanlage janach offer scenic views of bad kleinkirchheim and the mountains , and comprise a kitchen , a living room and 1 or 2 bathrooms with bath or shower and toilet .
a typical italian breakfast is served daily in the breakfast room . it includes freshly brewed coffee or cappuccino and sweet pastries .
guests at the hilton garden can dine in the restaurant or grab a snack from the 24 - hour convenience store .
each apartment has a kitchen with a microwave , oven and coffee machine .
the nearest airport is lisbon humberto delgado airport , 6 km from the property .
it offers a restaurant and free wi - fi throughout the hotel .
guests can cook in the shared kitchen , and various dining options are located within a 10 - minute walk of the apartment .
the apartment is just 170 metres from vanneau metro station ( line 10 ) and opposite the le bon marché department store .
the accommodation is air conditioned and features a flat - screen tv , a sofa seating area and a coffee table .
it offers free wifi and air - conditioned units in a building from the 19th century .
the property offers free parking .
hong hua fang chinese restaurant serves authentic sichuan and cantonese cuisines .
villa emily is a detached holiday home with a garden , set in andipata erisou in the kefalonia region .
guests can enjoy water sport facilities , including windsurfing , snorkelling , and diving .
the heydar aliyev sergi sarayi exhibition is 4 km away from hotel qafqaz point .
located in courseulles - sur - mer , le manoir d ' à côté is a 19th - century mansion , which offers elegant guest rooms with parquet flooring and a unique décor .
the kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher and a microwave .
next door to the pink house is a gated condominium with a swimming pool , which guests are free to use .
situated right opposite the westbahnhof train station , the do step inn offers free wifi in public areas , bicycle rentals , vending machines , and a billiards table .
offering a restaurant , free bikes and a 24 hour front desk , pensiunea cora is located in piteşti , 3 km from the city centre .
leos janacek airport is 21 km from the property .
the iconic sítio da nazaré belvedere , featuring views of the whole town , beach and sea , is 500 metres away .
it includes freshly brewed coffee or cappuccino , sweet pastries and home - made cakes .
some overlook the historic centre , others the quiet courtyard .
the hotel is situated in the centre of alkmaar and is surrounded by many little shops , restaurants and cafes .
the hotel serves a daily buffet breakfast and has a bar where guests can relax .
the private bathroom is fitted with shower .
free wi - fi is provided in the entire property .
fitzherbert court motel is situated on state highway 6 at the north end of hokitika .
some rooms include a seating area for your convenience .
breakfast can also be ordered there .
the property has babysitting services available , at an extra fee .
offering a barbecue and views of the sea , ugolok gormoni is located in pervaya rechka in the primorsky krai region , 7 km from vladivostok .
the kitchen is equipped with a washing machine , dishwasher and a microwave . it includes an oven and stove .
you can play billiards at the hotel .
situated in the centre of puigcerdà , fonda cerdanya offers a cosy lounge and simple rooms with free wi - fi .
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower .
the picturesque kbal chhay waterfalls is an hours ’ drive away .
guests can also visit the en - suite beauty salon .
entzheim airport is 38 km away .
villa ylenia is 32 km from quartu sant ’ elena .
located in an elegant and quiet area of the city centre near the duomo , antica residenza del gallo provides a magical atmosphere for your next tuscan holiday .
a minibar and a private bathroom with a hairdryer are standard facilities in all accommodation units at the drim .
private bathrooms also come with a shower .
free wi - fi access and a daily continental breakfast are provided to the hotel ’ s guests .
the unit fitted with a kitchen with a dishwasher and oven .
accommodation will provide you with a private bathroom with bathtub or shower , air conditioning , tv and a dining area . there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
wi - fi is free throughout the property .
edgewood golf course is 2 km from grand residences by marriott - lake tahoe and the tahoe amusement park is 6 km away .
this property is housed in a building of over 400 years old and free wi - fi access is available .
perpignan airport is 40 km from the hotel .
the inn also provides car hire and bike rental .
the hostel features massage services and a tour desk which helps guests organise excursions to popular attractions .
the apartment enjoys good transport links , by bus and metro .
bungalows also have a private bathroom .
rasa homestay also includes a sauna and fitness centre .
the akelei studios and apartments have a fully equipped kitchen , a living area , a private bathroom and a tv with satellite channels .
guests can relax in the free sun loungers by the swimming pool with a drink from the bar .
the house offers tours of local attractions , walking and hiking routes and a free shuttle into killarney centre .
each room is equipped with a tv and a seating area with a low table and seating cushions .
guests have access to señor frog ' s beach club during their stay .
guests can enjoy drinks and light snacks at the rooftop bar .
this property is a 25 - minute walk from the buttes de chaumont park and 900 metres from paris ’ s boulevard périphérique .
guangzhou baiyun international airport is 90 minutes ' car journey away .
the private bathroom comes with a shower , a hairdryer and free toiletries .
ironing facilities are available upon request .
there is also a bar serving snacks and drinks throughout the day .
free wifi access is available .
an array of activities can be enjoyed in the surroundings , including hiking .
each cottage is separated by gardens and has a lounge and dining area with flat - screen tv and dvd / cd player .
the private bathrooms include a hairdryer .
free public parking is provided nearby .
you can enjoy a garden view from all the rooms .
located 30 minutes west of houston just off of interstate 10 , this katy hotel features an indoor pool , a hot tub , and rooms with free wi - fi .
at lion sea hotel , guests can request for luggage storage , laundry services and barbecue facilities .
guests with a dinner - inclusive plan can also savour lavish japanese course meals prepared with fresh ingredients .
each also has a private bathroom and separate toilets .
the restaurant serves traditional asturian gastronomic dishes cooked on a wood - fired grill .
the city of arrecife is 6 km from the barceló teguise beach – adults only , and lanzarote airport is 20 minutes away by car .
the national trust properties of sheringham park , blickling hall & felbrigg hall can be reached in less than 20 minutes by car .
mundet metro station is 500 metres away .
at casablanca hotel ramallah you will find a 24 - hour front desk , a garden and barbecue facilities .
the hotel ’ s restaurant serves european and morroccan dishes .
just a 5 - minute drive from the corniche promenade , jazan royal suites offer modern accomodation with free wi - fi .
all villas are air - conditioned and have a spacious living - dining room and a fully - equipped kitchen including kitchen utensils , a toaster and a fridge .
set in the charming gracia district in barcelona , rua suites is a stylish accommodation featuring bright rooms and free wifi .
situated in ivano - frankivsʼk , like home on garbarska offers self - catering accommodation with free wifi .
to stefani tis makrinas is located in makrinitsa , 14 km from the pelion ski centre .
the hotel restaurant serves buffet meals , with local and international dishes .
bari cathedral is just 1 km from the romeo pensione hotel , and the harbour is a 12 - minute walk away .
dubai airport is 30 minutes by car from key one homes - ocean heights tower .
guests can relax in the outdoor hot tub or on the patio under the gazebo .
it includes a sofa and flat - screen tv in the living room .
el gigante del norte stadium is 400 metres from antigal hotel , while guemes fair is 500 metres from the property .
a tv is available . other facilities at apartament na wakacje include a sun terrace .
bicycle and car rental are also available .
select rooms offer a computer .
guests can enjoy quiet reading at the library .
apartments in classic style is an apartment set in lviv , 400 metres from the ivan franko national university of lviv . apartments in classic style features views of the city and is 600 metres from lviv state academic opera and ballet theater .
some have a terrace with a mountain view .
historical central station is 700 metres from corso buenos aires shopping street .
swanage train station is a 5 - minute walk away .
free public parking at a nearby location .
the guest house also offers bike hire .
full welsh breakfasts are served daily in the elegant conservatory dining room , featuring fresh local produce .
guests can work out in the hotel ’ s state - of - the - art fitness centre or explore inland with desert safaris or camel riding trips .
estalagem de santo antónio is a 10 - minute drive from the village of monchique and a 40 - minute drive from some of the main beaches of the algarve .
apartment jolly offers free parking .
tea and coffee - making facilities , a microwave , and small fridge are provided in all room at the apple inn motel . free wi - fi is available in all rooms and some rooms offer free wired internet .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at this non - smoking property , free wifi is available throughout the property and on - site parking is also offered .
odessa international airport is 7 km from roof hostel .
sueño de la campana restaurant serves international and local cuisine , and is open for breakfast , lunch and dinner .
saint - florent ’ s harbour is 1 km away .
casa da peneda is 3 km from the gerês thermal spa . the unit is 15 km from the border into neighbouring and 90 km from porto international airport .
there is a restaurant serving traditional lithuanian dishes .
a breakfast is served every morning .
located 10 minutes outside downtown raleigh , north carolina , this hotel is 4 miles from the north carolina museum of art .
safety equipment such as a life vest and fire extinguisher are provided .
other facilities like laundry facilities are offered .
free wi - fi and an en suite bathroom are included in all rooms .
the two bedroom property provides a tv and a hot tub . there is fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a refrigerator .
featuring free wifi throughout the property , city stay hostel edinburgh offers accommodation in edinburgh .
there is free public parking available at the property , and the e40 motorway is a 30 - minute drive away .
ramajal rural is in the countryside in the las hurdes region of extremadura .
monte do caneiro is a rustic guest house situated in the countryside of luz mourão .
with a seafront position in hastings , seaspray b & b offers free wifi access throughout .
popular summertime activities include golfing , hiking , and mountain biking . it is possible to rent bikes , kayaks , and other sporting equipment directly at the property .
the assembly hall of chaozhou chinese congregation is 200 metres away , while the assembly hall of the hainan chinese congregation is 300 metres away .
the apartment comprises a living room with a tv , a kitchen and a desk .
the hotel offers a 24 - hour front desk .
reception at the goncharov hotel is open 24 / 7 .
it offers 3 swimming pools , one of which featuring jacuzzi .
marjan , forest park with bike trails and children ’ s playgrounds , is a 10 - minute walk away .
a ski storage room with a ski boot dryer is provided and you can park your car free of charge on site .
within 5 minutes on foot , the viennese city park can be reached .
set in gardens , this bungalow features a well - equipped kitchenette with a dishwasher and washing machine .
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower .
the hotel is a 17 - minute drive from carthage national museum and a 36 - minute drive from tunis carthage airport .
on - site parking is free in the parking garage or in the car park behind the hotel .
guests can opt for a stroll in the resort ’ s immaculate garden , indulge in fun games in the games room or take a dip in the outdoor pool .
on street parking is available at a surcharge .
with a private bathroom , the air - conditioned rooms have parquet floors .
the property is a 10 - minute walk from chunxi road and tianfu square , a 2 - minute drive from taikoo li or international finance square and a 10 - minute drive from kuan zhai alley . it is a 20 - minute drive from wuhou memorial temple or chengdu north railway station and a 30 - minute drive from shuangliu international airport .
other facilities include a sun terrace .
other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities , a shared lounge and luggage storage .
exclusive units also include a led satellite tv , a minibar and a safe .
other activities in the area area include hiking .
barbecue facilities can be requested .
alternatively guests may visit the traditional portuguese restaurants located within walking distance .
basilica of saint nicholas is 1 km from barion home , while petruzzelli theatre is 1 km away .
the playroom containing many toys can also be used free of charge .
located 40 metres from conceição beach and offering free airport shuttle , casa do ney features accommodation with picturesque garden views and a patio with a hammock .
rooms are all fitted with a private bathroom , a tv and a mountain and city view .
an extensive breakfast including fresh breads , jams and coffee is served in the b & b ’ s lounge every morning .
bodhi villa is a 20 - minute drive from ubud town and a 35 - minute drive from the famous monkey forest .
free wifi and free private parking are provided .
a 10 - minute walk from bts saphan kwai station , the capital mansion features comfortable accommodation with modern facilities .
the luce dates back to the 16th century and includes an oil press and a chapel .
albufeira marina is a 5 - minute drive and the famous oura strip is 2 . 3 km away .
vending machines , a luggage storage service and a public bath are all available on site at park inn hostel .
enjoying a fantastically central location next to the historic centre and beside plaça catalunya , these stylish apartments are the perfect base for exploring this vibrant city .
rooms at las colonias are spacious and comfortable .
there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
this holiday home is 78 km from billund airport .
some rooms feature a seating area where you can relax .
it offers independent , recently renovated villas and a swimming pool .
there is a selection of breakfasts to choose from each morning , including english , welsh , continental and vegetarian options .
free wifi is provided .
nanjing lukou international airport is 40 km away .
the air - conditioned unit is 1 . 1 km from lithuanian national opera and ballet theatre , and guests benefit from free wifi and private parking available on site .
a breakfast buffet is served every day .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including golfing , fishing and hiking .
each has a 27 - inch flat - screen tv , mp3 docking station and a coffee maker .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out taksim metro station ( 400 metres ) and st . antoine of christ church ( 500 metres ).
featuring free wifi and a terrace , jambon offers accommodation in uden . guests can enjoy the on - site bar and à la carte restaurant .
other facilities offered include laundry facilities and a daily maid service .
heraklio town is 48 km from villa ella , while bali is 44 km from the property .
boasting a seasonal outdoor pool and an onsite restaurant , comfort inn greensborough is located just a 5 - minute drive from la trobe university .
the rooms of hotel garden asmin include a flat - screen tv with satellite channels , and a minibar .
activities that can be enjoyed in the surroundings , include horse riding , hiking and cycling .
a grocery store can be found 300 metres from the sophie house , while a restaurant is set in the neighbouring building .
located on a 5 - hectare park in the loire valley , this 19th - century country house is 3 . 5 km from nevers .
it offers rooms with a shared kitchen and a living room .
this city - centre hotel is conveniently located between the plaza de las estaciones transport hub and the city ’ s charming , traditional fishing district .
the ernakulam junction south railway station is 12 . 5 km and the cochin international airport is 43 km .
the nearest airport is faro airport , 88 km from casa da felicidade .
there are many shops and restaurants nearby .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling , horse riding and fishing .
the beach and cannes ’ s palais des festivals are just 800 metres away .
john f . kennedy international airport is 18 km away .
featuring air conditioning , valencia luxury plaza de la reina offers accommodation in valencia . barrio del carmen is 200 metres from the property .
you can reach the town centre and playa santiago beach in 10 minutes on foot .
the historical center of limassol is only 1 km away and limassol marina is at 1 . 5 km .
cruise hostel is located in the centre of saint petersburg , just a 5 - minute walk from peter and paul fortress . free wifi access is available .
complete with a dishwasher , the dining area also has a microwave and an oven .
guests at the fairfield inn and suites northwest are provided with a daily breakfast buffet .
set in santa maria al bagno and a 15 - minute walk from the seafront , kale ' polis apartments is a self - catering accommodation with tv , air conditioning and a washing machine .
guests can relax at the sauna .
its restaurant serves a daily buffet breakfast , and shuttle services are arranged .
the nearest beach is around a 15 - minute drive from carlota .
the millstättersee - inclusive card is included in the rates during summer and entitles to free access to many museums , and to free use of all beaches and the public indoor pool .
at marigold hostel you will find an airport shuttle , a 24 - hour front desk and a garden .
the property offers free parking .
the kitchen features an oven and a microwave .
guests can sit in the garden and enjoy morning coffee .
haus kristall is located 300 metres from the centre of mellau in the bregenz forest and 1 km from the mellau ski area , with direct access to the cross - country skiing slopes , and a ski bus stops just a few metres from the house .
guests at hotel forrás can relax in a garden or on a terrace . they can make use of billiards or enjoy massages for and additional fee .
ocean city municipal airport is 10 minutes ’ drive .
rooms have a private bathroom equipped with a shower .
the restaurant serves good quality food , and wireless internet is free of charge in the hotels public areas .
the rooms of fatih apartments come with a private kitchen or kitchenette .
the trendy guestrooms of shaoxing ssaw are tastefully decorated with a chinese touch .
bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for golfing .
the property has a private beach area and car hire is available .
campo de ’ fiori square , with its pubs and historic food market is 300 metres away .
this guesthouse is located in the picturesque punkaharju ridge area , 200 metres from a beach and marina , and offers on - site relaxation options which include a sauna and indoor pool .
guests use shared external toilets and showers .
shenyang taoxian international airport is about a 1 - hour drive away .
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is 15 km from the property .
views of the sea , mountain or lake are featured in certain rooms .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out george r . brown convention center ( 900 metres ) and theatre district houston ( 1 . 2 km ).
each room at la villa nomade is decorated in rich colours and fabrics , and wooden furniture .
certain units include views of the mountain or river .
towels and bed linen are provided in this self - catering accommodation .
gdynia is 34 km from agroturystyka pod jesionem , while władysławowo is 2 . 8 km from the property .
the port dickson ostrich farm and port dickson mini zoo are about a 10 - minute drive away , while the tanjung tuan forest reserve is a 15 - minute drive away .
opening out to a balcony , the rooms of kolymbia enjoy views over the pool and the mountain and partial views over the aegean sea .
offering a balcony with mountain views , all of the rooms at chalet hotel marie blanche feature a flat - screen tv with satellite channels and a telephone .
offering a restaurant , the grant suites is located in ikeja .
apartments marin dom na sverdlova 2 offers accommodation in yekaterinburg , 400 metres from church of all saints .
guests have free access to the gym and business center .
breakfast is served every day in the common breakfast room .
rimini station is 2 . 7 km from the hotel .
there is a fully - equipped kitchen with household appliances , kitchenware and cutlery .
tbilisi international airport is 140 km away .
a bakery and a restaurant can be found 200 metres away .
car hire is available at the property and the area is popular for golfing .
fee private parking is available on site , and the gundersheim train station is 100 metres away .
car rental services are also available .
gourmet steaks and entrees are served at ruth ' s chris steak house .
it is next to basilica di san marco and a short walk from florence ' s many attractions .
atop a hill overlooking the beautiful cértima river valley , on a property over 200000m2 in size , this 4 - star guest house radiates a unique charm .
you can request for picnic supplies , which includes blankets , glasses and utensils .
featuring rooms and apartments , it offers free wi - fi , a garage for an additional charge and free public parking , as well as a garden with a terrace .
located on the north beach and less than a 1 - minute walk from the ocean , this colorful hollywood , florida hotel features rooms equipped with a full kitchen .
you can play mini golf next door to the property .
this apartment complex is conveniently - situated for exploring the beautiful , lush asturias region , 500 metres from good road connections and just 6 km from oviedo city centre and the costa verde .
panorama sunrise resort is a 5 - minute drive to d ’ mall and a 15 - minute drive to cagban port , which is a 15 - minute boat ride to caticlan jetty port .
all of them have native wood floors and either private or shared bathrooms with hot running water .
other facilities at scandic pori include a bar and children ' s play area .
the bed and breakfast also offers car hire .
the main bus and train station can be reached within 1 km from the korona hotel .
al fresco dining is available in warmer seasons .
in dubrovnik historic core guests can visit sight such as onofrio ' s fountain , franciscan monastery or the monumental walls .
the accommodation will provide you with a balcony and a seating area .
free wifi is available throughout the property .
frankfurt airport is located 64 km away .
this knights inn is within 10 minutes ' drive of martyr ' s shrine , the huron / ouendat village and wye marsh wildlife centre .
it offers spacious suites with lounge , private terrace and hydromassage shower and a comfortable public living room .
meeting rooms are available as well .
guests benefit from balcony . free wifi and parking is offered .
guests at hosteria koonek are welcome to make use of the communal facilities , which include a shared kitchen with a refrigerator and a tv with satellite channels .
buses to jesolo central station stop 50 metres away , and connect to the coach to venice airport .
nice acropolis is 400 metres away and nice train station is 1 . 8 km away .
bike hire is available at this homestay and the area is popular for horse riding and cycling .
the bascom : center for the visual arts is 650 metres away from the property .
the units at the sunshine come with a flat - screen tv with satellite channels and a bathroom with a shower .
all rooms are air - conditioned and offer a dining and lounge area with a satellite tv .
breakfast is included in the room rate , and guests can use a fully equipped kitchen to prepare other meals .
centrally located in novorossiysk , next to the public park area , brigantina hotel offers comfortable rooms with air conditioning and free wi - fi .
additional facilities at b & b hôtel nancy frouard ( 2 ) include check - in from a distance and facilities for guests with reduced mobility .
the centre of świnoujście is 1 . 3 km away .
spacious rooms feature balinese décor .
some accommodations will provide you with a tv and satellite channels .
most come with a tv .
belvedre parc is 10 km from résidence panorama 3 .
with its hillside location this country - style apartment in herzogau overlooks a picturesque valley offering great views .
at pasionaria hostal you will also find a shared kitchen facilities , meeting facilities , a shared lounge and a games room .
towels and bed linen are provided at apartment inndays at profsoyuznaya .
a cable tv is provided in each air - conditioned guest room at this hotel .
the nearest airport is john wayne airport , 16 km from the property .
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower .
phuket international airport is a 1 - hour drive from the hotel .
greentree wangfu avenue is a 15 - minute walk from mochou lake , a 7 - minute drive from xinjiekou shopping centre , and a 20 - minute drive from zhongshan scenic area .
villa panama offers classically furnished rooms with floor - to - ceiling windows , a flat - screen tv and a minibar .
the nearest airport is pulkovo airport , 19 km from tuchkov apartments .
nikos kazantzakis airport is located 70 km away .
the surrounding area is popular for hiking , mountain biking and climbing .
all rooms are equipped with a flat - screen tv with satellite channels . rooms include a private bathroom .
hotel 1 ’ s restaurant serves regional cuisine and is open for breakfast , lunch and dinner .
with a private entrance , the apartments have views of the garden . they come with a flat - screen tv , sofa and oven .
situated in the foothills of montgo nature reserve , finca bodawa features a private pool and a number of outdoor seating areas .
they are equipped satellite tv and a private bathroom with a bath tub .
within a 1 - hour drive , guests can reach sevilla , huelva and doñana national park .
there is a supermarket 200 metres away .
hostel örebro city has an on - site children ’ s playground .
the open - plan living room comes with a large seating area and a flat - screen satellite tv .
just 10 metres from the beach in grebbestad , this self - catering apartment offers sea views .
all apartments feature free wifi and some have air conditioning .
at bahia beach resort & golf club you will find a restaurant , a private beach area and a tennis court . other facilities offered at the property include grocery deliveries , a kids ' club and shops ( on site ).
centrally located in milan , hotel astrid is 300 metres from the loreto metro station and less than a 20 - minute walk from milan central station .
rooms are equipped with a tv .
boiçucanga beach is 7 km from the chalets .
free bicycles are available as well .
the property can be reached by a 90 - minute drive from lombok international airport to bangsal harbour , a 40 - minute wooden boat ride from bangsal harbour to gili trawangan and a 4 - minute walk from gili trawangan .
pulkovo airport is 15 km from the property .
the 2 simply - decorated living rooms come with flat - screen tv and sofa beds , as well as a dining room .
the living room includes typical portuguese blue - and - white tiles on the walls , in addition to a sofa and a flat - screen satellite tv .
the rooms at acer are individually decorated , and each has a luxury bathroom with free toiletries and a hairdryer .
set in a historic building on the island of torcello , b & b ca ' torcello offers a furnished garden and free wi - fi throughout .
the air - conditioned apartment comes with parquet floors and includes a tv , a washing machine , and a well - equipped kitchenette .
casa corazón de melón features an outdoor pool and views of the pool .
there is also a kitchen , equipped with an oven . a fridge and stovetop are also offered , as well as a kettle .
wake up to a delicious , homemade , freshly cooked breakfast with a huge choice from the menu .
the kitchen is fitted with a dishwasher and an oven .
there is also a kitchenette equipped with a stove .
pebbly beach is at a distance of 500 metres .
just a 5 - minute walk from the bic , the hedley townhouse b & b offers elegan rooms with en - suite bathrooms .
the kitchenettes include an oven , fridge and microwave and bed linen and towels are supplied .
depending on the number of travellers , airport shuttle service can be organized upon request and at an additional surcharge .
hairdryers can be requested .
it is 1 km from lenin prospect and 7 . 5 km from the zaporozhye pervoye train station .
free private parking is available on site .
several restaurants , bars and clubs are within a 10 minute walk .
you can engage in various activities , such as golfing and cycling .
pulteney park is just 1 . 2 km away .
oia mare villas offers cave - style rooms and suites with air conditioning , free wifi access and a private balcony or terrace overlooking the sea .
this heated house includes a living area with a fireplace , flat - screen tv , dvd player , and video games . there is also a kitchen , equipped with an oven , dishwasher , and washing machine .
lisbon portela airport is located 6 km away .
other facilities include a children ’ s playroom , tennis table and darts .
it offers an outdoor pool , free wifi , and free minibar use .
the contemporary rooms at grey house bed and breakfast have carpeted floors and flat - screen tvs .
the hotel is 3 . 5 km from the glen club and 3 . 5 km from kohl children ' s museum .
the property is fitted with a business centre and meeting facilities .
all rooms are equipped with a tv . certain rooms include a seating area where you can relax .
the a58 highway is 6 minutes by car .
this 2 - level davenport holiday home has an outdoor pool with a hot tub , game room , and full kitchen .
free private parking is available on site .
a daily continental breakfast is also offered .
hotel york also features a tv lounge and a bar .
the apartment will provide you with a tv and air conditioning . private bathroom also comes with a shower .
situated only 250 metres from the centre of lovran , villa kubo is located in a quiet area surrounded by family houses .
nova constantia offers just 8 spacious and stylish suites , allowing its staff to focus on providing a more personal service . enjoy beautifully appointed suites with modern comforts , including free wireless internet access .
featuring a private beach just steps away , apartments paradiso is a seafront property in dobrota offering air - conditioned apartments with free wi - fi , lcd satellite tv and splendid views of boka kotorska bay .
hostellerie des guides is set right on the ski slopes in cervinia .
they are equipped with tv and a private bathroom .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out duomo milan ( 1 . 8 km ) and duomo ( 1 . 8 km ). milan malpensa airport is located 42 km away .
heating is available in cooler months .
a shared kitchen is also available and special regional dishes can be requested for lunch or dinner .
offering an outdoor pool , al dahar apartments is situated in hurghada , 4 . 1 km from new marina .
the apartment is equipped with ironing facilities and a washing machine , as well as a hairdryer .
minibar and electric kettle are also provided .
free private parking is also available on site .
the property is 6 km from barra shopping mall and 7 km from reserva beach .
the property provides dual - line internet connection .
located less than 3 km from downtown vancouver , this property is a 6 - minute walk from connaught park .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
towels and bed linen are provided at cha am beach house .
for your comfort , you will find slippers and free toiletries .
the property is 2 km from falmouth harbour and pigeon point beach , and vc bird international airport is a 25 - minute drive away .
pets can also be accepted upon request .
the guestrooms at the property are all equipped with air conditioning and a flat - screen tv . guests may find an electric kettle .
located in the village of wängle in tyrol ’ s lech valley , haus müller offers a free bicycle and toboggan hire for children and adults .
they feature free wi - fi .
a valet parking service is also available .
other facilities at 2 perfect include an on site hair salon and coin operated laundry .
guests can enjoy sunbathing on the lawn or can rent a bicycle on the property .
the apartments also have a fully equipped kitchen .
set 500 metres from the beach in palau , club hotel posada offers 2 swimming pools , a beach volleyball court and classic - style accommodation with a balcony .
guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant .
rue d ’ antibes , cannes main shopping street , is 700 metres from villa eucharis and cannes train station is a 5 - minute walk away .
a flat - screen tv with cable channels is available .
sheremetyevo international airport is a 35 - minute ride with aeroexpress train from belorussky train station , which is a 15 - minute metro ride from clementine hotel .
each room comes with air conditioning , and the 24 - hour reception offers a tour desk .
the kitchenette includes an oven , hob , microwave and coffee maker .
opening out to a private balcony , rooms are fitted with dark wood furnishings and tea / coffee maker .
featuring a wooden architecture , the hotel offers air - conditioned rooms with free wifi .
the alpi apuane nature protection area can be reached in 10 minutes by car .
all rooms at hostal alboran feature tiled floors and classic furniture .
the accommodation is air conditioned and has a seating and dining area .
a free transfer to cheget slopes is provided at volfram hotel , and the elbrus mountain is 2 km away .
the area is also popular for hunting and bird watching .
peacefully located on mors island , hestbjerggaard apartment includes a kitchenette , free wifi access and a private balcony and patio . nykøbing city centre is a 15 - minute drive away .
the hotel also offers a free movie library along with a 24 - hour fitness center .
the nearest airport is girona - costa brava airport , 54 km from the country house .
the property also offers special diet menus .
there is also a bar on site .
there is also an exquisite restaurant with sea views , a terrace snack bar and be sure to take advantage of the 24 - hour reception , giving you the freedom and independence to enjoy your stay as you wish .
with free wi - fi and satellite flat - screen tv , the air - conditioned rooms include a seating area , a minibar and an electric kettle .
a 6 - seater dining table is also included .
you can play tennis , billiards and darts at this resort , and the area is popular for diving .
towels and bed linen are featured in this apartment .
located in a peaceful neighbourhood of chiang mai , kaysorn residence offers cosy rooms with air conditioning and plenty of natural light .
a supermarket is 100 metres away and a restaurant is 30 metres from the property .
all the rooms at club mackerel holiday village feature a balcony , air conditioning and a bathroom with shower and hairdryer .
an ipod docking station , a garden view and a minibar are offered in the air - conditioned guest rooms at la vague saint paul . all rooms have a flat - screen tv with cable channels and some have a private terrace .
some rooms are coming with shared bathroom facilities , while others also feature a terrace overlooking the garden .
the property also features a shared kitchen , a book exchange and a safety deposit box .
all air - conditioned apartments are equipped with a tv , a kitchen with a microwave and a living room .
offering free kayaks and snorkeling equipment , guests can rent motorbikes to explore the island and visit finger nail islet .
the modern hotel rooms have a private bathroom .
featuring a seasonal outdoor pool , each room provides free wi - fi .
private bathroom also comes with a shower .
wi - fi throughout is free .
free wifi is featured throughout the property .
guests can use the rooftop terrace and free wi - fi connection in public areas .
private bathrooms are equipped with a shower .
guests can utilize the car rental facilities to get around the area .
casa corte is located 6 km from xabia and 5 km from la barranca beach .
located in chernomorets , 600 metres from the beach , guest house karabelev offers a garden with a terrace .
all the rooms will provide you with a wardrobe , a fan and parquet floor .
a golf course is just 450 m away .
free wifi internet and free public parking are available at the hotel .
located on the sixth floor of alpenhotel dachstein , it is easily accessible by lift .
you can prepare your meals in the privacy of your own fully equipped kitchen with an oven , a fridge and a dishwasher .
offering links along the cinque terre coast , riomaggiore train station is a 5 - minute stroll away .
at bed en brood op de boerderij you will find a bar and other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage .
the chef specialises in typical vorarlberg cuisine .
featuring an onsite pub , this motel is 5 minutes ’ drive from kurri kurri district hospital .
the 4 - star isabella room mate overlooks palazzo strozzi in the heart of florence , just 500 metres from the ponte vecchio bridge .
there is a computer for guests to stay in touch with family and friends .
guests at pensiunea grohinschi have access to a well - appointed , shared kitchen , while a grocery store is right next to the property .
towels and bed linen are available in this self - catering accommodation .
a short distance from the royal highgrove estate , tetbury exudes cotswolds charm and features plenty of fine restaurants , antique emporia and prince charles ’ very own highgrove shop on long street .
le p ' tit monde offers comfortable rooms with a decoration in warm tones .
the resort offers beachside accommodation , a heated pool and free private parking .
all rooms are fully equipped with in - room streaming facilities in order to watch the latest digital content .
each 2 - bedroom apartment has a living room with a sofa , tv and dvd player .
the wellness centre features a gym , a sauna and a turkish bath .
apartments and villas overlook the golf course or the outdoor swimming pool , where you can spend the day under the mediterranean sun .
there is also a kitchenette , fitted with a dishwasher , microwave and fridge . a stovetop and kettle are also featured .
there is also a children ’ s pool .
free wifi is available throughout the property and free private parking is available on site .
each room is equipped with a tv .
overlooking salina bay , qawra palace hotel has its own indoor and outdoor swimming pools .
some rooms include views of the mountains or pool .
la pedrera is 2 . 9 km from quirón apartment , while sagrada familia is 3 . 2 km from the property .
free private parking is available .
fitz ' s bar offers a selection of light meals , snacks and cocktails made to order .
free public parking is possible nearby .
the bathroom comes with a shower .
market rasen racecourse is 4 minutes ' by car .
super 8 gaffney features free wifi throughout the property .
each room here will provide you with a tv .
the riad etoile d ’ essaouira is located in the heart of essaouira ’ s medina just a few minutes walk from the souks and 200 metres from the beach .
there is also a kitchenette , fitted with a dishwasher , oven and fridge . a stovetop and coffee machine are also featured .
located just 2 minutes ' walk from kamaole beach iii , kamaole sands unit 3 - 305 by pmi maui offers access to a pool area with 2 hot tubs , children ' s wading pool , and a large swimming pool .
apartments come with fully equipped kitchens while cottages feature kitchenettes , and all accommodation has a tv with cable channels .
minutes away from umhlanga ridge , the main umhlanga business district , african dreamz bed and breakfast is within easy reach of the best that the north coast of kwazulu - natal has to offer .
located off interstate 74 , this peoria hotel offers a daily continental breakfast and features rooms with free wi - fi and a cable tv . the lakeview museum and planetarium is 1 . 1 miles away .
with garden views and a fan , apartments at acquazzurra have 2 double bedrooms , a fully equipped kitchenette and a seating area with tv .
the hotel is located on the first floor of an 18th - century building without a lift .
lappeenranta airport is located 52 km away .
the air - conditioned guest rooms at le temple des arts are decorated with unique features , such as hand - painted walls , fireplaces , buddha statues and marble bathrooms .
located 8 km from urbania , agriturismo orsaiola is a country house from the 1900s .
located in macau , 300 metres from lotus statue , sands macao hotel boasts an outdoor pool and spa centre .
set within a traditional andalusian style farmhouse , the hotel is situated in a privileged area , in the fertile plains of the granada province , offering the a beautiful rural setting .
hova hotel & restaurant is 5 minutes ’ walk from hova train station .
during winter months , guests can enjoy skiing on the nearby slopes .
the kitchen is equipped with an oven , microwave and washing machine .
the secluded wraparound verandah allows you to enjoy wonderful sea views and refreshing trade winds .
at griffith suites you will be surrounded by the historic griffith college campus .
the bungalow features a living room with satellite tv and dvd player .
set in a 19th - century building , it features charming patio areas .
the property offers accommodation in wooden houses which share bathroom facilities and access to a common kitchen , and in apartments , which have their own private bathrooms and kitchenettes .
it offers self - catering accommodation , a modern décor and exposed beams .
the sun loungers by the pool are perfect for relaxation . guests can also play table tennis and darts .
located just off interstate 94 , this hotel is 6 miles from riverwood national golf course .
located in the heart of rio de janiero , this relaçao 604 apartment is 6 minutes ’ walk from the catedral metropolitana de são sebastião .
all rooms come provided with cable tv , and contain a private bathroom .
offering free wi - fi , this beach resort also provides an outdoor pool , tennis courts , karaoke rooms and a relaxing sauna .
you can taste mediterranean , turkish and international cuisines at the hotel ’ s restaurants .
coeur senegal boasts an outdoor swimming pool and direct beach access 850 metres from somone town centre .
the property offers free parking .
hostal del norte is a 20 - minute drive from the bus terminal and a 20 - minute drive from martin miguel de guemes airport .
each apartment comes with either a fully equipped kitchen or an equipped kitchenette , as well as a bathroom fitted with a shower that also includes a hairdryer and free toiletries .
studios and apartments come with a fully equipped kitchen or kitchenette .
featuring a panoramic pool in its large garden , casa sobrero is set in castiglione falletto , surrounded by barolo vineyards . it offers modern rooms with free wi - fi , a terrace , and a wine cellar .
guests will find a continental breakfast in the refrigerator and a welcome tray with still or sparkling water and tea and coffee making facilities .
every room has a private bathroom .
you will find a fully - equipped kitchen with high - end appliances , including a dishwasher and a microwave .
towels are provided .
the rooms are equipped with a satellite tv , dvd player and safety deposit box . an electric kettle and minibar are included in all rooms .
the villa capung is a 30 - minute drive from ngurah rai international airport , while uluwatu and padang padang are a 5 - minute drive away .
for a fee , you can enjoy a range of water sports along with fishing and canoeing activities .
served in the patio in fine weather , breakfast here includes sweet and savoury products .
each also includes a private bathroom with a bath and a hairdryer .
the nearest airport is cam ranh international airport , 29 km from lasan view .
the property offers free parking .
more advanced riders have the opportunity to take more varied adventures along different trails .
enjoy , after a day full of activities , a traditional braai with friends or family .
free wifi access is provided .
free wi - fi is accessible in all areas .
the medieval centre of brasov as well as the train station is 2 km away .
laundry facilities and a full kitchen with a microwave and refrigerator are standard in all apartments .
marmaris city centre is within 20 km from the property .
in the neighbourhood there are several sport shops where equipment for summer and winter sports can be bought or rented .
each also includes a terrace with garden furniture .
kuala terengganu golf resort by ancasa hotels & resorts is located a 20 - minute drive from shahbandar town and pasar payang .
the lobby has a free - use internet pc , and a coin launderette is on site .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out fenals beach ( 1 . 6 km ) and santa cristina beach ( 3 . 0 km ). el prat airport is located 78 km from the property .
set in adler , this air - conditioned apartment features free wifi . apartment na demokraticheskoy boasts views of the mountain and is 5 km from sochi discovery world aquarium .
evangelismos metro station is 750 metres from st george , while syntagma square is 800 metres away .
there is free shuttle service at the property .
the family - run romanda hotel has a 24 - hour reception .
set 10 km from vologda and 2 km from the federal ring motorway , severnoe siyanie guest house boasts a sauna and indoor pool .
parking is free .
featuring a balcony with city views , the rooms come with a minibar and a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
breakfast is available every morning from 04 : 00 until 12 : 00 .
the historic city centre of alexander city is just 2 . 7 miles away .
living verdizela is equipped with air conditioning and includes a double and a twin bedroom plus a spacious living room with a large sofa , a fireplace and a flat - screen cable tv . the private bathroom comes with a walk - in shower , a bidet and a hairdryer .
boasting a large garden , pandan homestay features balinese - style accommodation with a children ’ s playground .
daily breakfast is served as an open buffet at the hotel .
the hotel has a beauty salon and various shops on - site .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling , hiking and wine tasting .
added conveniences include luggage storage , daily breakfast and laundry service .
located 500 metres from the historic centre and a 15 - minute walk from the commercial and financial area , royal torarica features a fitness centre , and outdoor swimming pool and a restaurant in paramaribo .
hao hostel offers accommodation in phuket town .
the bathroom comes with a bath or shower .
omelettes , eggs and other breakfast dishes are available on request .
the private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower .
the nearest airport is bandaranaike international airport , 59 km from the property .
a playroom for children is available .
florence cathedral is 10 minutes ' walk away , while the famous bridge ponte vecchio is 15 minutes away on foot .
internet is free at the hotel .
over 100 free parking spaces are available at the hotel .
a hot - spring bath can be reserved for private use , free of charge .
located 150 metres from hua thanon beach , the property features villa with private pool , baan chaba samui is a 10 - minute drive from hinta and hinyai rocks .
the apartment comes with a kitchenette and a private bathroom with a bathtub , as well as a fireplace .
the kitchen is equipped with an oven . a flat - screen tv is available .
all of them have dvd players and fully - equipped kitchens .
there is an indoor pool for cooler months , and tennis courts for the summer .
biarritz - anglet - bayonne airport is located 4 km away .
raleigh is 6 km from wyndham garner / raleigh south , while durham is 38 km away .
the property ' s spa also offers yoga lessons and massage services for a fee .
all rooms include colourful decor and light wood furnishings .
gordon swimming pool is 1 . 1 km from yerimiyahu apartment , while itzhak rabin memorial is 1 . 6 km away . the nearest airport is ben gurion airport , 14 km from yerimiyahu apartment .
the property offers free parking .
shenzhen bao ' an international airport is 65 km away .
capital international airport can be reached in 30 minutes ' drive while beijing nanyuan airport is located 17 km away .
a & s ferienwohnungen is a self - catering accommodation centrally located in bad godesberg .
the property is 2 km from capão da canoa city centre and its bus station .
situated walking distance from the filey seafront , cherries offers spacious self - catering accommodation in a detached house .
the property offers free parking .
the chinese restaurant serves authentic local dishes , while lan ya coffee restaurant serves light meals and refreshing beverages .
additional features include free private parking on site and air conditioning .
prachuap khirikhan province is 60 km away .
some rooms feature a seating area for your convenience .
some rooms include a seating area where you can relax .
the nearest airport is san diego international airport , 7 km from bayside lane at san diego .
free private parking is available .
a free continental breakfast is served to guests daily .
chalet prelle is a self - catering accommodation located 1 km from the ski centre of sean jean and 2 . 5 km from la clusaz .
foinikounta beach is a 5 - minute drive .
phil inn @ dickson is a 7 - minute walk to the 24 - hour mustafa shopping mall .
all rooms at welcome hotel hellissandur provide views of the vestfjords and breidafjordur .
you can enjoy mediterranean - influenced tapas dishes for lunch and dinner .
there is a bar and a buffet restaurant .
the guest house also offers bike hire and car hire .
hiking trails start in lúčanská malá fatra , 2 km away . fishing is possible in rajčianka river , also 2 km away . rajecká lesná ski resort is 11 km from the penzion vila milica .
l ' antico forziere offers air - conditioned suites and rooms elegantly decorated , including wrought iron beds and different coloured curtains .
this mission , texas hotel is located just 4 miles from mcallen convention center .
oludeniz beach is just a 5 - minute drive from cennet hotel .
linen and towels are included .
guests can enjoy austrian and mediterranean cuisine at oskars bar . lounge . restaurant .
chennai international airport is located 45 km from the property .
the nearest airport is london heathrow airport , 18 km from the property .
private parking is possible on site , and free wifi is accessible for all guests .
τhe private bathrooms have a shower and free toiletries .
male is just a 10 - minute speedboat ride from hulhumale ferry terminal , which is only a 5 - minute drive from the property .
the classic - style rooms are air conditioned and feature a flat - screen cable tv . the private bathrooms come with a shower , hairdryer and free toiletries .
hotel next2 is located in the historic beyoğlu district .
a private bathroom and a hairdryer are also included .
each morning you will be served a sweet breakfast at the bar , and the à la carte restaurant specialises in local and national cuisine .
each one has an lcd tv with satellite channels and a dvd player .
it features a salt - water outdoor pool and elegant rooms with an lcd tv .
the rooms have tiled floors and are decorated in neutral colours .
just 200 metres from the beach , pensione villa elena is located in forte dei marmi .
offering a tranquil environment , the racing mackerel hostel is located in the centre of lagos and is within a 20 - minute walk from the stunning beaches of dona ana , batata , estudantes and pinhão .
piazza del popolo and the historic centre are a 10 - minute walk away .
each functional room at hostal san antonio has classic - style décor , with tiled floors and wooden furniture .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer .
the apartments are a 2 - minute walk from sagrada familia metro station and 20 minutes ’ walk from passeig de gràcia boulevard .
facilities available at nawaday hotel include a 24 - hour front desk , laundry services and a tour desk to arrange sightseeing trips .
housed in 3 different buildings , the guest house offers private parking and a sun terrace .
satellite tv and a dressing room are also available in several rooms at villa anna .
there is also a restaurant at the riad nadir that offers 2 daily menus .
monaco is 1 km from the apartments and there is a shuttle service available .
featuring an outdoor pool , table tennis and restaurant , hotel rosenheim is located in rodengo .
a fitness room featuring waterfall views is also available .
while not housing a restaurant , guests can still indulge in a spread of local and international dishes served at sky grill restaurant , just 3 minutes ' walk away .
this hotel offers air - conditioned rooms with free internet and free telephone calls within germany .
packed lunches including vegetarian options are also available .
guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant , with mini - market available on request .
private parking is available on site .
you can enjoy garden view from the room .
with vast view of the countryside this property offers an outdoor pool surrounded by lawn .
you are 30 minutes ' drive from the popular beach resort of otranto and 1 hour ' s drive from brindisi airport .
guests can sample their homemade meals in the dining area which features a luster , fireplace and a bar counter .
an oven , a fridge and a stovetop can be found in the kitchen and there is a private bathroom .
guests are welcome to cook their own meals in the equipped kitchen of the villa .
there are also free parking spaces and an underground garage available for guests .
the bus for gozo ferry terminal in mgarr and the capital victoria stops right in front of the property .
malibu is 17 miles away .
altamira b & b offers colourful rooms with marble floors .
guests can use a shared kitchen equipped with a stove , a fridge , a microwave and a kettle .
bed linen is featured .
accommodation at laranjeiras hostel includes dormitories with shared bathrooms , and private double rooms with en suite bathrooms and air conditioning .
weber state university is 15 minutes ’ drive from the motel .
airport shuttle service is offered at a charge .
the property is within a 5 - minute drive of the santa fe university of art and design .
featuring a terrace , beith hotel offers rooms with air conditioning in kochi .
fitted with beamed ceilings , wooden stairs and traditional decorative items , the villa has 2 bedrooms , a fully equipped kitchen with dining area , and a living room with flat - screen tv and a bookcase .
lissone ' s hotel motel ascot offers stylish rooms with air conditioning and free wi - fi .
the guest house is 13 . 8 km from forte dos reis magos , 24 . 7 km from genipabu lagoon and 24 . 7 km from genipabu beach .
located in fortaleza , beach apartment emílio hinko offers an outdoor pool and a fitness centre .
set in 2 mai , 500 metres from the beach , complex sailor is a holiday park featuring a restaurant with a summer terrace , free wifi access and free parking on site .
alternatively , guests can enjoy basketball , beach volleyball and karaoke .
free wi - fi is provided in the hotel ’ s public areas .
the centre of blagoevgrad and the aubg american university are reachable in 500 metres from hotel bor .
there is a small on - site snack bar , and there are 2 mini supermarkets next to the complex .
bolzano train station is 40 km away .
with fantastic views of the brighton seafront , george iv guesthouse is a period townhouse located just a 5 - minute walk from the centre of brighton .
prerow is 6 km from ferienwohnung zingst am strand , while wustrow is 21 km away . the nearest airport is laage airport , 64 km from ferienwohnung zingst am strand .
accommodation will provide you with a flat - screen cable tv , air conditioning and a terrace .
free wifi access is available .
the apartment is a 3 - minute walk from place pigalle .
there are a number of restaurants and pubs within a 5 - minute drive .
guests can also enjoy outdoor dining with the shared barbecue facilities .
rooms are fitted with free wired internet .
free wi - fi access is available throughout the apartment .
the building is located in the heart of the equipetrol neighbourhood , steps away from restaurants and commerce .
the four - bedroom apartment is provided with cable tv in the living area and four bedrooms with double beds . the kitchen is fully equipped , including a refrigerator and microwave .
boasting a belle epoque - style façade , it features a restaurant and modern rooms with a balcony .
a continental breakfast is included in the rate and served in the garden or under the covered patio of the main house .
this holiday home is 2 . 3 km form shopping area / restaurants and 18 km from aarhus airport .
it takes about 40 minutes by train or a21 bus to hong kong international airport .
sodankylä is 40 km from lapland hotel luostotunturi & amethyst spa , while rovaniemi is about 90 minutes ’ drive away .
all the rooms have spectacular views of the pyrenees mountains .
osprey links golf is 9 km from lakeshore suites plus .
located 500 metres from siam park in playa de las americas , this apartment features a terrace .
located only 500 metres from the famous capri piazzetta with bars and restaurants , residenza tiberio offers air - conditioned apartments featuring a balcony and partial sea view .
free private parking is available on site .
towels and bed linen are provided .
klong jark bungalow has a tour desk and arrangements can be made for diving , snorkelling and fishing .
feurs is a 15 - minute drive from the property .
bed linens are provided .
guests enjoy free parking .
guests can work out in the fitness centre , which includes cardio equipment and tvs . a daily maid service , dry cleaning , and a business centre with fax and printing facilities are also available .
the design spa features a hot tub and beauty treatments or massages are available at extra costs .
a starbucks is located on site .
bathrobes and slippers are provided , and modern media include lcd tvs , and free wifi .
the town of asprovalta is less than a 15 - minute drive away .
the hotel du centre is 6 kilometres north of boulogne - sur - mer ’ s port , which offers ferries to dover .
two underground car parks are situated 50 metres from hotel marguerite and the hotel guests can benefit from reduced prices .
bed and bath linen is provided .
a few minutes ’ walk away is pasteur street , where shopping and dining options are available .
tour the anheuser - busch brewery , see the animals at the jacksonville zoo or spend the day at one of numerous beautiful beaches , all only moments from the homewood suites jacksonville - south / st . johns center .
towels and bed linen are offered .
towels and bed linen are provided in this holiday home .
amber palanga is 600 metres from the palanga airport .
rooms have a classic design with wood furniture and tiled floors .
the hotel ’ s position on the rua de santa catarina shopping street offers convenient access to boutiques , bars and eateries .
the well - known kalemegdan fortress and park are 1 km away from the property .
free private parking is provided on site .
the private bathroom has free toiletries and a hairdryer .
guest can also relax with a drink at the bar .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
situated in a gated community on the shores of barragem do salto , holiday home peninsula salto is located in são francisco de paula .
free private parking and wifi are available .
the private bathroom comes with a shower .
hibbert ' s home also includes a year - round outdoor pool .
elegant air - conditioned rooms here will provide you with a flat - screen satellite tv , seating area and a balcony .
guests benefit from terrace and an outdoor pool .
for meals guests can enjoy japanese tempura dishes , a variety of fast foods and european cuisine within a 2 - minute walk of albaraka suites place midtown manila .
the house consists of two bedrooms , a living room and a modernly furnished fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher , a stove and an oven , as well as free tea and coffee .
private bathrooms have shower facilities .
antigoni apartmens offers accommodation in párga . ai giannakis βeach is 400 metres from the property .
this typical alpine - style guest house enjoys a quiet location a 10 - minute walk from the centre of verbier , just next to the fromagerie bus stop .
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
simferopol international airport is 185 km away .
a natural breakfast buffet is provided each morning , featuring cakes , olives , fresh juices , yogurts , cereal , ham , and traditional cheeses .
extras include satellite channels .
the holiday home provides you with a sauna and a hot tub .
cvjetni square is 11 . 5 km from hotel stella best western , while ban jelačić square can be reached in 12 km .
in the surroundings you will find shops ( 1 . 6 km ) and a restaurant ( 4 km ).
holiday home fløden is located in nørager and can accommodate up to eight people .
room features include a flat - screen tv , tea / coffee facilities with homemade biscuits and private bathrooms .
la casona de éboli is situated in the town of santorcaz , 50 km from madrid .
activities in the surrounding area include hiking and canoeing .
free wifi access is available .
featuring free wifi , apartment on 12 - ya krasnoarmeyskaya offers accommodation in saint petersburg . mariinsky theatre is 1 . 6 km from the property .
the syracuse hancock international airport is 8 miles from knights inn east syracuse .
room service is available .
b & b joke de groot offers a floor with 2 rooms , private toilet and private bathrooms .
ideally located just 500 metres from the north sea on the island of sylt , hotel wittenbrink ' s offers a terrace and garden , free shuttle service and free wifi .
guests can enjoy barbecue facilities .
cable tv , comfortable lounge and dining areas and full kitchen facilities are a standard in all apartments .
you can play billiards at the property , and the area is popular for fishing .
featuring free wifi throughout the property , guesthouse niaghvari is situated in tbilisi city , 500 metres from rustaveli theatre .
ljubljana jože pučnik airport is 89 km away .
a 5 - minute walk from the river chassezac , le mas des loges is set in the cevennes national park .
set in a completely restored 18th - century farmhouse , this b & b features a flowered garden with a pond and a living room with books and tv . free private parking is available on site .
with air conditioning , apartments come with a fully - equipped kitchen and a flat - screen tv .
guests benefit from terrace and an outdoor pool .
young guests will enjoy the playground .
a private bathroom and a writing desk are included .
shenzhen dream home sweet apartment offers accommodation in longgang district with only a 1 - minute walk from buji metro station ( line 3 and 5 ).
marina di campo airport is 47 km from the property .
hongik university subway station ( line 2 , airport railroad and gyeongui line ) is within a 10 - minute walk from the hostel .
you can even stop for some fishing or a refreshing dip in a lake on the way .
rooms at the hotel include 37 - inch , flat - screen tvs .
a children ' s playground is located just 200 metres from the house and there is a choice of restaurants nearby .
for children there is a play area which includes a ball pool and slides .
situated in the centre of české budějovice , the garni čb enjoys a calm area 800 metres from the přemysl otakar ii . square .
bielefeld city centre is a 10 - minute train ride from the parkhotel .
the kitchen comes with an oven , a microwave and a fridge , as well as a coffee machine and a kettle .
the 24 - hour convenient store provides snacks and drinks . free coffee and tea are offered in the lobby 24 hours a day .
english , french and german are spoken at reception .
featuring free wifi throughout the property , java ocean offers pet - friendly accommodation in hollywood .
zermatt train station can be reached by taxi in 15 minutes , or on foot in 25 minutes .
all rooms are individually decorated , boasting design furniture , and attention to details .
all rooms offer a flat - screen tv and a refrigerator .
this split - level villa is spacious and offers free wifi .
the bed and breakfast is 400 metres from domburgsche golfclub .
there is a river trail on the property , where lure and fly fishing can be practiced .
located in kokkini khanion , zoe beach luxury villa features a spacious , furnished terrace with unobstructed sea view .
each includes a private bathroom with a hairdryer and amenities .
the air - conditioned rooms at hotel san roque feature tiled floors and plenty of natural light .
located on a sprawling beach - side golf course along the pacific coast of acapulco , this luxurious hotel features on - site spa services , spacious rooms with sea views and a beach club .
at apartment red star guests can also relax in a garden and on a terrace .
the nearest airport is palma de mallorca airport , 51 km from la mitrana .
the steam bath can be reserved for couples and there are also beauty treatment rooms and a solarium .
marina court alamanda homestay is situated just a 3 - minute walk from entertainment options at the kota kinabalu waterfront .
corcovado national park is a 45 - minute boat ride away .
guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant .
located in downtown lima , royal inn suites & spa offers comfortable rooms with tvs and private bathrooms . guests can enjoy spa facilities , a sauna and an indoor pool for a surcharge .
rooms include a private bathroom .
the 24 - hour front desk provides daily newspapers and luggage storage services .
there is also an outside shower , patio , arbour and barbecue .
the air - conditioned rooms feature a 32 ” flat - screen tv with satellite channels , and each enjoys a parking space right in front of the door .
featuring wooden walls and flooring , each air - conditioned suite and studio comes with heating and a terrace offering garden views . they have a flat - screen tv , living area with sofa and dining table .
it is 11 km from jaipur airport .
ruta 80 hostel is located in brno , a 10 - minute walk from the old town , and less than 100 metres from jugoslávská and trávníčkova tram stops .
cook dinner in your apartment ' s fully - equipped kitchen , or sample the bars and restaurants in the nearby towns such as fuengirola and marbella .
yitel is a 20 - minute drive from xujiahui central business district . south railway station is also a 20 - minute ride away .
tbilisi international airport is 18 km away .
the medieval city of plasencia is a 10 - minute drive away , and cáceres can be reached in just over an hour by car .
composed of 1 bedroom with air conditioning , and 1 bathroom with bath or shower and bidet , this holiday home features a tv and a washing machine .
guests can enjoy a home cooked meal at the dining table in the dining area .
main bus station and ferry port are located 2 . 5 km away , and dubrovnik airport is at a distance of 22 km .
guests can unwind in the sauna , or enjoy a relaxing massage .
mikulov na moravě railway station is 1 km away and the piaristů bus stop 50 metres .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
they also come with a private bathroom with a shower .
a microwave and a small refrigerator are found in each classically decorated room at the best western plus bessemer .
coral restaurant serves a variety of seafood , north indian and local delights .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
located only 50 metres away from a sandy beach strip and the mediterranean sea , motel hofim provides air - conditioned accommodation with free wifi access .
guests can enjoy lovely garden and river views from their rooms .
the hotel has a water taxi service making regular journeys to tulcea .
there is also a beach bar right on the beach just across from the apartments .
the nearest airport is schiphol airport , 8 km from liloes apartment .
inka frog exclusive bed & breakfast is located in miraflores , 2 km from makaha beach and from the scenic costa verde beach circuit .
the nearest airport is batumi international airport , 27 km from mini hotel on guramishvili 22 .
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower and bidet in each unit , along with free toiletries .
guest rooms at the alcyon have en suite facilities , a tv and telephone . most have a private balcony .
it is a 25 - minute drive from the city centre and a 40 - minute drive from kuala lumpur international airport .
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower in each unit .
use of the kitchen is possible on request .
a private bathroom features a shower .
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower .
it also offers a sauna and a hot tub .
the apartment is spacious and includes parquet floors .
only 28 km outside the island ’ s capital of palma , this rural retreat provides a historic and natural venue for a peaceful holiday in the sun . its buildings date from the 16th century and have , at various times , been a nobleman ’ s home and wine store .
free public parking is available at a location nearby .
located in techirghiol , 800 metres from the lake and 3 km from the belona beach at the black sea , casa maria offers an outdoor pool with sun loungers and a terrace with barbecue facilities .
a full english breakfast is served buffet style every morning at the hotel ’ s dining room .
free wifi access is available .
this 14th - century ivy - covered castle has a dramatic setting overlooking the valley of the river águeda and the amazing campo charro countryside .
a double bed is located on the mezzanine .
the in - house chandragupt restaurant serves a delectable spread of indian and rajasthani cuisine .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out hajdúszoboszló folk house and museum , or the bell house with its unique bell collection 500 metres from the park apartman .
free parking is also available upon request .
located in yevpatoriya , a 3 - minute walk from dendropark , mariya villa offers self - catering accommodation with free wifi access .
galeao international airport is 10 km away .
guests who wish to explore the area , can make use of the hotel ’ s car rental facilities .
there is a mini shopping mall 150 metres from this guest house .
it offers room service , restaurant , bar and free private parking .
the hotel has a 24 - hour front desk and launderette facilities .
discounts are available to guests at restaurants and on ski equipment hire .
visitors can relax with a free newspaper or play table tennis , while children enjoy the on - site playground .
attached bathroom comes with shower facilities and free toiletries .
free private parking is available on site .
the bathroom has shower in it .
every room is fitted with a flat - screen tv , tea / coffee making facilities and a hairdryer .
crocodile park is 1 km from ms aguamarina suites , while aqualand torremolinos is 1 . 2 km from the property .
you can park your car for free at the hotel .
the property is 2 km from ton sai bay .
all alpine - style rooms come with a private balcony .
lagoona retreat boasts free wi - fi , a private pool and beautiful views of korora beach . the house features a large deck area and a courtyard , surrounded by lovely landscaped gardens .
bratislava airport is 7 km from the property .
guests can come and go as they like with the 24 - hour reception .
the en suite bathrooms have a hairdryer and complimentary toiletries .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out philharmonic ( 1 . 3 km ) and poznań central rail station ( 1 . 6 km ). poznan lawica airport is located 5 km away .
just 50 metres from the pebbly beach , apartments riva offers air - conditioned accommodation and free wi - fi . it is located in centre of slano , 30 km from the unesco - listed dubrovnik .
luggage storage service is available before check - in and after check - out .
set in a 19th - century villa with a heated swimming pool in the exotic garden , this residence offers soundproofed apartments with free wi - fi access .
overlooking the costa brava headland of cap roig , silken park san jorge offers direct access to bella dona and cap roig coves .
leiteland offers pet - friendly accommodation in volda . ålesund is 37 km away .
the apartments feature a fully equipped kitchen with a dining area , a seating area with a tv and a private bathroom .
a bus , a tram and a train stop are right outside the building and provide connections to zurich ' s city centre and lake zurich .
wi - fi access is available at an extra charge .
le pietre ricce b & b is 25 km from pescara airport as well as francavilla and ortona beaches .
centrally located in mykonos town , the whitewashed domna lakka is just 300 metres from little venice and the famous mykonos windmills .
a grocery store and a restaurant can be found 200 metres away .
the panoramalounge alpenglühn offers excellent food and great views over the roofs of bad reichenhall and the surrounding mountainside , which you can also enjoy on the terrace in fine weather .
an american - style breakfast is served daily .
jemal ' s guest house is located in makhinjauri , on the black sea , and is just 100 metres from makhinjauri beach .
on request , the haus hannover hotel offers a pick - up service from wittmund train station .
bed linen and towels , cleaning products and a washing machine are also provided .
a tv with cable channels is offered .
free private parking is possible on site .
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower .
there is a dining area and a kitchen complete with a microwave , a toaster and refrigerator .
housing warmly decorated , comfortable and contemporary accommodation consisting of tastefully furnished rooms and sumptuous suites with free wireless internet hotspots , our hotel provide its guests with a sense of rest , amity and intimacy .
massage services are also offered at a surcharge .
free wifi access is available .
the spa has a turkish bath and offers several beauty treatments .
the hostel is located a 2 - minute walk from the 104 , 167 and x7 bus stop .
in the garden of the apricum barbecue facilities and outdoor furniture are provided .
sabiñánigo is a 5 - minute drive away .
it offers a courtyard and free wi - fi access .
it takes around 20 minutes by car to wusu international airport .
puerto madero neighbourhood is 1 . 5 km away and retiro bus terminal is 2 km away .
located within walking distance from kaslik ' s nightlife and restaurants , portemilio hotel & resort has an on - site piano bar .
private bathrooms also come with a bath or shower .
set a 4 - minute walk from otranto train station , casa caroppo offers a self - catering apartment in otranto . the beachfront is 500 metres away , while the city centre is a 15 - minute walk from the property .
royal saskatchewan museum is 3 km from coachman inn .
alternatively , meals can be enjoyed in the comfort rooms .
private bathrooms also come with a bath or shower .
a fridge is also provided in the room .
the garden has sun loungers by the pool .
a business center and laundry facilities are on site .
featuring a hairdryer , private bathrooms also come with bathrobes and free toiletries .
guests can relax in the property ’ s garden , furnished with tables and chairs .
the rooms come with a shared bathroom .
wifi is available at a surcharge .
the garden awaits guests with barbecue facilities .
there is a kitchenette with a dishwasher and a microwave .
goa international airport is 20 km away .
this air - conditioned holiday home comes with a well - equipped kitchen , a dining area , a spacious living room with a flat - screen tv and a dvd player , and a bathroom with a shower .
a bus stop is located 300 metres away , while brnik ljubljana airport can be reached in 70 km .
the z bar motel is 1 . 4 miles from interstate 25 .
adrieli houses offers pet - friendly accommodation in ágios nikólaos . zakynthos town is 12 km from the property .
ljubljana airport is 50 km away , and front desk offers pick - up service at an extra charge .
le palme di conturrana is in north sicily , in the heart of a popular beach resort . it is around an hour ' s drive from trapani and 100 km from palermo .
luang prabang airport is a 15 - minute drive from the hotel .
the hostel offers a free transfer from the airport or bus station for those who reserve 2 nights or more .
this three - bedroom villa features a modern kitchen with tiled countertops and modern appliances . it also has a dining table and a seating area with wicker furniture and a cable tv . the outdoor terrace is furnished and overlooks the plunge pool .
there is a garden , where guests can relax .
the apartment will provide you with a flat - screen tv , air conditioning and a terrace . there is a full a kitchenette with a refrigerator and kitchenware .
guests can enjoy local and international dishes at the onsite restaurant .
the nearest airport is tivat airport , 16 km from the property .
offering an outdoor pool , aki pousada is located in são miguel do gostoso . free wifi access is available .
featuring free wifi in all public areas , apartamentos pinar málaga ciudad is located in malaga .
there is also a beauty salon , a business centre and a travel desk .
after breakfast , guests can relax on the furnished terrace .
several restaurants , cafés and shopping possibilities are in the immediate vicinity of casa romana .
homeland farewell is 6 km from pajūrio kempingas bungalows .
hardangervidda national park is about 80 km from geilo gaarden .
rooms at memory patong are fitted with a flat - screen tv , a safety deposit box and a refrigerator .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling , hiking and canoeing .
the private bathroom includes a hairdryer .
breakfast is served daily in the dining area of koutriaris hotel and it is included in the room rate .
the air - conditioned apartments at suit hotel azak come with a balcony and a satellite tv .
each room at guesthouse all nations features a fan or air conditioning , and is fitted with crisp white linen .
casa seggiano is a 30 - minute drive from san quirico d ’ orica .
imperatritsa hotel is located in krasnodar , within a 3 - minute walk of krasnaya street . the drama theatre is within a 4 - minute walk and krasnodar expo is 5 km away .
a bus stops 100 metres away for sarzana train station , 5 km away .
tours throughout the region and shuttle service can be arranged at reception .
slievebawn accommodation offers accommodation in cliffony .
each room at the locanda la corte will provide you with a private bathrooms and a desk .
greek and mediterranean dishes are served at the restaurant , right on the beach .
free private parking is available on site .
the lounge in the apartamentos bardenas also has a kitchen area with a dishwasher , microwave and coffee machine .
the property offers free parking and an outdoor pool .
located in neodi , apartments villa talija offers self - catering accommodation with free wifi access . the property is 10 km from old town budva and 20 km from the unesco - listed town of kotor .
it offers its guests wi - fi access throughout for free and private parking on site .
the living room is outfitted with satellite - tv , a dvd - player and a hi - fi system .
it features a daily continental breakfast and free wi - fi . guest rooms offer cable tv .
there is also an irish pub in the hostel .
a full kitchen comprises of an oven , a fridge , a dishwasher and a dining area .
free wifi is provided throughout the property .
two - bedroom holiday home in børselv offers accommodation in børselv . it provides free private parking .
novorossiysk is 30 km from guest house na rybatskom , while vityazevo is 25 km from the property .
a dining area and a washing machine are also provided . private bathrooms come with a bath .
surrounded by greenery 40 metres from a beach and 1 . 5 km from the centre of betina , nautica apartments mobile homes offers air - conditioned accommodation with free wi - fi in public areas and free private parking .
sanju sangendo serves local delights for lunch and dinner .
newly constructed , idaman villa is centrally located to several must - see attractions .
you can visit the hotel bar and lounge or relax on 1 of the terraces with a drink .
corrientes city is 40 km away .
the private bathrooms include bathrobes and a hairdryer .
a breakfast buffet is served each morning in the adjoining hotel , and there is also an à la carte restaurant .
niš city view guest house is 12 km from niška banja . constantine the great airport is 7 km from the property .
larnaca international airport is 55 km away .
the elegant rooms feature a flat - screen cable tv and fridge .
the property is 1 . 5 km from pacha and boasts views of the city .
they all offer parquet floors and elegant , contemporary - style furnishings .
some have a seating area , while others come with a balcony .
free private parking and bicycle rental is possible on site .
timaru townhouse motel is a 3 - minute drive from caroline bay and a 5 - minute walk from maori park pool and tennis centre .
guests can enjoy a breakfast buffet with western and japanese meals at the on - site san remo restaurant .
each room has a flat - screen tv . the rooms are equipped with a shared bathroom .
activities that can be enjoyed in the surroundings , include table tennis .
the accommodation will provide you with a terrace and a seating area .
each of the rooms at childress inn is furnished with a seating area and a cable tv .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
the family bathroom offers a spa bath .
featuring free wifi , pērlīte offers accommodation in liepāja .
apartments ilsia offers free parking .
there is also a lawn for sunbathing .
hotel gerard d ' alsace also features free wi - fi and free on - site parking .
free wi - fi access is available .
all rooms feature a patio opening out to the garden .
the hotel is a 25 - minute drive from the traditional floating market and a 40 - minute drive from the syamsuddin noor airport .
featuring a garden and private parking , apartamentos rurales casa el gaitero is located 10 minutes ’ drive from luanco .
extras include bed linen and a fan .
guests of terem club can relax in the sauna , take a dip into the swimming pool or play billiards .
free wifi access is available , as well as free public parking off site .
bathrobes and slippers are included .
bbq equipment is also available .
this self - catering accommodation features free wifi .
located 3 minutes ’ walk from caspian plaza business centre in baku , this hotel features free wi - fi .
a public outdoor swimming pool , supermarket and central rennweg am katschberg are all 2 km away .
there are also several restaurants within a 5 - minute walk of the accommodation .
this hotel is 1 . 4 km from stockholm ’ s old town and 2 km from the ericsson globe arena .
the property also offers luggage and ski storage .
with free wi - fi , rooms at il cantar have tiled floors .
free private parking is available at the guest house .
it has air conditioning and a tv , while the bathroom has a shower and a hairdryer .
there is a seating area with flat - screen tv , an open - plan kitchen with hob , microwave and fridge , and a bathroom with hairdryer .
it is close the city ' s main business , administrative and trade centres .
facing its private beach in bellaria , 3 - star hotel gradara offers a terrace with a pool and 3 hot tubs . it features a restaurant , free bike rental and 40 air - conditioned rooms .
all units also include a private bathroom with shower equipped with a hairdryer .
loch ness is a 15 - minute drive from the quaich b & b and inverness castle is a 5 - minute walk from the house .
there is a second lounge , which is ideal for a children ' s playroom .
the property offers free private parking .
the property offers free parking .
dormitory rooms with fine wooden flooring and ceiling - high windows are available at the yulana hostel on nevsky .
the kitchen includes a dishwasher , oven and refrigerator .
the famously narrow punkaharju ridge is 45 minutes ’ drive from pajarinhovi , while the russian border at niirala is a 1 - hour journey .
select rooms have a seating area to relax in after a busy day .
set in the bussaco national forest , this 5 - star hotel is housed in the hunting palace of the last portuguese kings .
penny ’ s diner is located on site and serves american fare for breakfast , lunch , and dinner .
saverne train station is 10 km from this bed and breakfast , and you can visit the château de lutzelbourg , 4 km away .
the accommodation will provide a tv , satellite channels and a fireplace .
it features beautiful stained glassed windows , original ornate fire places , crystal chandeliers and breathtaking views of the gardens .
the colosseo residence is situated in the centre of kosice .
it all comes with simple décor and tiled floors .
the port of corfu lies within 5 km of agrilia cottage . the cosmopolitan centre of corfu is at 32 km .
there is also a tour desk which organises excursions to tourist attractions .
the spacious living - dining room has sofas and a tv , while the kitchen includes an oven , dishwasher , microwave and coffee machine .
opposite the francis scott key mall , this hotel is within 8 minutes ’ drive of the frederick city centre .
horse riding facilities and a large park with a pond are next to the motel .
the nearest airport is tenerife sur airport , 15 km from the property .
radjen guesthouse provides guests with a terrace .
the villas are about 500 metres to 1 km away from the beach .
the keleti railway station is 1 km away . budapest liszt ferenc airport is located 16 km from the littlepanther .
this hotel in caledonia , minnesota offers spacious rooms with free wi - fi and a cable tv . it features a daily continental breakfast and is just 5 minutes ' drive from macal grove country club .
guests can prepare their meals in the fully - equipped kitchen .
verona arena is 2 km away .
traditional american cuisine is offered at the 9600 grill , which servers breakfast , lunch and dinner .
the property offers free parking .
hévíz bus station is 1 . 2 km away , the lake balaton can be reached in a 10 - minute drive .
the kitchen is equipped with an oven , a microwave and a fridge and there is a private bathroom . a flat - screen tv with cable channels is provided .
a spa bath is available in some rooms .
st . peter lighthouse is 1 . 8 km away .
ennio tadini stadium is less than a 5 - minute drive from apartment parmense .
the private bathroom with bath tub includes toiletries .
the hotel can provide free transfers to the horse riding club , and pulkovo airport is a 50 - minute drive away .
the private bathrooms feature a shower and bath .
occheuteal beach is 900 metres from dongdong guesthouse 咚咚旅社 , while samudera supermarket is 1 . 3 km from the property .
constructed around a splendid shaded patio it has 2 terraces which offer a stunning panoramic view of the medina .
this holiday home is 9 km from valencia airport .
while guests can reach yekaterinburg central train station in just 10 minutes , koltsovo airport is 25 km away from tatiana hotel .
the property is 2 . 5 km from the fc sarajevo stadium and from sarajevo zoo .
the centre of abbeyfeale is a 3 - minute walk , and the town has many pubs and restaurants to visit .
regional cuisine is served in the hotel ’ s traditional restaurant .
the nearest airport is orly airport , 13 km from the property .
the local bus station is situated 150 metres away from the property .
the mezzanine in the living area also offers two sleeping capacities .
the dämeritzseehotel has elegant rooms with dark wood furniture , satellite tv , and a spacious bathroom .
årstaviken hotell ’ s modern rooms have cable tv and a private bathroom with shower .
vanguaria airport can be reached in 20 minutes by car .
varese train station , a 6 - minute drive away , offers connections with milan where the expo 2015 takes place .
there is a variety of restaurants in the centre of braunlage , a 10 - minute drive from the hotel .
currency exchange and car rental services are also available .
it offers an outdoor pool and rooms with free wi - fi , cable tv and a private bathroom .
victory beach is 900 metres away , while independence and occheuteal beaches are a 5 - minute drive away .
entertainment for kids if offered in high season .
guests at aqua dive paradise homestay will find a tour desk and laundry facilities .
all rooms at mansión virreyes feature an elegant décor and are equipped with cable tv and a work desk .
there is an en - suite bathroom with a welcome pack of amenities .
wifi access is available free of charge in the entire hotel . there is also an internet corner .
the apartments at can morera feature parquet floors and smart décor .
isla del sol - vista verde east 3 - 215 features free wifi throughout the property .
situated in the scenic area of limnia , 100 metres from the beach of lefkathia , porto limnia offers air - conditioned apartments with free wi - fi and balcony .
at giant rock resort you will find a garden and bbq facilities .
hostel svoi is situated in pyatigorsk , 300 metres from pyatigorsk bus station .
family baan holiday houses have a fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher and fridge . there is also a dining area and living room with tv .
legacy express bangkok is a 10 - minute drive from central world plaza shopping centre and pratunam wholesale market . it is about a 30 - minute drive from the don muang and suvarnabhumi airports .
shops and restaurants are available within 3 km .
guests can enjoy moroccan cuisine in the dining area .
iwakawa minshuku is a 25 - minute drive from unesco world heritage site jomon sugi , and from the gorgeous shiratani unsuikyo ravine .
goldmet inn shanghai hongqiao national exhibition and convention centre qixing road is located in shanghai , 11 km from jing ' an temple and 13 km from xintiandi .
a cable tv , fireplace , and en suite bathroom are featured in all guest rooms .
the property offers free parking .
split airport is located 17 km away .
brussels airport is 32 km away .
it consists of a seating area with sofa and flat - screen , satellite tv , as well as a kitchen with stove and dining area .
the mobile homes offer a kitchenette and guests have access to shared bathroom facilities and a launderette . the campsite is self - catering and features an onsite restaurant .
the guest rooms are modern in style and offer satellite tv and a minibar .
the air - conditioned rooms at the hôtel de la monnaie offer views of the indoor courtyard or the old city encircled with fortifications .
the hotel is 7 km from freising and the weihenstephan brewery .
free wifi access is available .
it offers tennis and squash courts and a luxury spa with sauna and hammam .
this modern hotel has an on - site spa and wellness centre .
the summer restaurant offers à la carte lunches and dinners .
the ponteo activity park includes activities such as squash , spinning and pilates .
this former family home now functions as a luxury guest house with a rooftop terrace and views of the medina .
the apartment features a flat - screen tv with cable channels , and exit to the garden with sun loungers and a small pavilion , a well - equipped kitchen with dishwasher , a living room , and a bathroom .
supermarket 100 m , restaurant , bar 50 m , bus stop " benidorm " 100 m , railway station " benidorm " 2 km .
featuring a kabuki - inspired interior and views of kotohira city , ikiri restaurant serves japanese dishes .
at this holiday home you will find an array of activities for the children ; table tennis , darts , play station 3 , nintendo wii and football game .
portugal dos pequenitos themed park is within a 10 - minute drive from residencial jantesta .
golf is available at the villa ’ s neighborhood course .
holiday home bækbyvej ulfborg xi is located in øhuse and can accommodate up to ten people .
you can also enjoy lunch and dinner at the on - site à la carte restaurant .
guests can rent a bicycle and explore nearby fishing villages , or relax in a sun lounger .
free wifi is available throughout .
free wi - fi and private parking are available .
the nearest airport is netaji subhash chandra bose international airport , 16 km from the property .
featured in the beatle ’ s music video ‘ free as a bird ’, this hostel is less than 10 minutes ’ walk from the grade ii listed philharmonic hall .
avenyn shopping street is a 5 - minute walk away .
ramada - carrier circle is situated 13 km from downtown syracuse and is 16 minutes ' from syracuse university .
scoglitti is a 10 - minute drive away and the unesco world heritage site of ragusa is 25 km away .
the guest rooms have a private terrace and features an en suite bathroom with shower , hairdryer and free toiletries .
the daily breakfast is buffet style .
all air - conditioned rooms at the rodalquilar have a private balcony , heating and free wi - fi .
st agnes , perranporth and truro are around 20 minutes ’ drive away , and you can reach the eden project in just under 40 minutes .
a flat - screen tv is provided in every contemporary guest room of this atlanta hotel as well as an ipod docking station .
olbia costa smeralda airport is 69 km from the property .
private parking is free .
other facilities offered at the property include a tour desk , bicycle rentals and ironing / laundry services .
pousada das araras is enclosed in a beautiful green area and offers practical accommodation with free wi - fi .
the nearest airport is thira airport , 4 km from phoenix .
the property offers free parking .
the teatro dell ' opera opera house is 800 metres from the apartment .
the kitchen comes with a dishwasher and a microwave and there is a private bathroom .
debrecen airport is 22 km away and hortobágy national park is 15 km from the property .
each guest room includes free wi - fi .
some units have a dining area and / or balcony .
other facilities offered at the property include a barbecue , a swing and a sandpit .
luggage can be stored at the 24 - hour front desk .
the town of pienza can be reached in 1 hour by car .
marina frapa also offers several good restaurants and vibrant cafes .
uspenivs ' kyi park is a 5 - minute walk , and mariupol ’ central market is 7 km away .
housed in a 200 year old limestone mansion , all suites whitney manor is a self - catered accommodation located within a 5 - minute drive from the city of kingston .
located in a peaceful area , hvar town centre and the bustling riva promenade are 15 minutes ’ walk away .
hotel restauracja kardamon is located in tarnów and offers a restaurant and a bar , as well as a garden and a mini zoo .
reception is open 24 hours a day and parking is free on site .
on - site parking is free .
daily maid service is offered .
tennis courts and different water sports facilities can also be found there .
blue danube linz airport is 11 km from the property .
the nearest beach is just 20 metres away , while federico fellini airport is 5 minutes away by car .
it takes 15 minutes to get to wanlv park by taxi .
this four - bedroom house features soundproofed rooms , a seating area with a satellite flat - screen tv and a bathroom with a bath , shower and hairdryer .
the rooms at la casa que canta feature traditional mexican décor , with handmade furniture and tiled floors .
at pousada recanto do amanhecer 2 guests will find a garden . other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge .
gardens are featured at the inn notchland for guests to enjoy .
at blue clouds homestay you will find a tour desk and a 24 - hour front desk .
all accommodations are individually decorated with modern furnishings . each suite contains a private balcony and a living room with a satellite flat - screen tv . the bathroom is fitted with a shower and a hairdryer .
asia guesthouse is located just 300 metres from the shore of kata beach .
throughout the day the bar serves cocktails and a variety of drinks .
featuring mountain views and an outdoor pool , la alvarada is located in jabuguillo , in huelva .
it offers a sun terrace and studios with a balcony and sea views .
the e - resto also offers room service .
this 3 - star hotel is a tastefully restored 19th - century building , situated on a quiet side street surrounded by beautiful gardens , near the centre of the thuringian city of gera .
car and bike rental can be arranged on site .
these heated rooms rooms include a flat - screen tv and a private bathroom with free toiletries .
the bus to the centre of cassino stops 100 metres away .
metsa - lukatsi holiday farm features traditional style houses with sofa , a tv , a kitchen and a bathroom with a shower .
apartment dea & ivana is 7 km from zadar airport .
antalya airport is 19 km from the property .
snacks , drinks and cocktails are available in the körschtal ' s kilifibar .
each air - conditioned guestroom is fitted with a cable tv , working desk and an electric kettle .
located at the base of piltriquitrón hill , 700 metres from the city centre , hotel hielo azul offers free wi - fi and breakfast in el bolsón . a lovely garden is featured on site .
bungalows are equipped with kitchen facilities and seating areas .
private bathroom includes a stone hot spring tub , shower and hairdryer .
you will find kitchenware in the room .
the rooms are simply furnished , with tile floors and a wardrobe .
jasmine tulipa apartment is situated in armação de pêra , 500 metres from fisherman ' s beach armacao de pera .
it features authentic wooden bungalows with views of the surrounding jungle .
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge , a ticket service and a tour desk . laundry and ironing services are provided .
griessenkarhaus hotel is located in the ski amadé region , 7 km from the centre of flachau and offers a ski storage room with a ski boot dryer . guests can benefit from direct access to the slope and 8 - er jet cable car .
the hostel has a barbecue and views of the city , and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant .
check out pompidou centre ( 1 . 2 km ).
parking is available for free .
a 5 - minute drive from jr hakodate station , villa concordia resort offers spacious rooms with a balcony , a kitchenette and free wired internet .
enjoy high tea at the lobby bar , as well as snacks at the pool terrace bar .
all rooms have an en suite bathroom with a shower and a separate toilet .
vinicius de moraes ipanema apartment is a self - catering accommodation located just 70 metres from the beautiful ipanema beach .
a mini market is 10 metres away , while a bus stop is within 200 metres from the family - run hotel europa .
entertainment is provided at the hotel during the summer months , including special greek nights with traditional dancing .
nevsky prospekt with its variety of restaurants and shops is a 6 - minute walk from the hostel .
it is a 5 - minute walk from thredbo ski field and a 30 - minute drive from jindabyne .
rooms at the montroi city hotel are decorated in a contemporary style , with touches of bold colour .
the rooms are fitted with a private bathroom .
rooms are equipped with a tv .
all apartments have tv , kitchen with microwave , gas or electric plate , refrigerator and coffee maker .
a flat - screen tv is featured .
the bathroom is fitted with a hairdryer and a shower and a washing machine is at guests ’ disposal .
it also comprises air conditioning , a flat - screen cable tv and a complete bathroom .
bed linen , towels and final cleaning are included .
located on the university of houston ’ s campus , this hotel features an on - site restaurant and spacious rooms with free wi - fi and a 37 - inch flat - screen tv . texas medical center is 4 . 3 miles away .
conveniently situated on the seaside resort of alanya , elysee hotel features a fitness centre and an outdoor pool . right on the beachfront , it offers rooms with balcony and free wifi .
each room is fitted with a minibar and safety deposit box .
chiang mai international airport and airport plaza shopping centre are a 20 - minute ride away .
the accommodation comes with a satellite flat - screen tv .
continental breakfast is served daily .
it offers living room with a tv ; open plan kitchen with oven , fridge and freezer ; 1 double bedroom , and 1 triple bedroom ; bathroom comes with shower , washbasin and toilet .
from late may to mid - october , the ötztal premium card is included in the rate .
set in chianciano terme centre , albergo villa giuliana is located between piazza italia and terme di sant ' elena spa .
the nearest beach is a 5 - minute drive away .
traditional moroccan dishes are also available on request .
some rooms include a private bathroom with a hot tub , while others have free toiletries and a hair dryer .
it features modern air - conditioned rooms with free wi - fi , as well as a sweet breakfast provided daily .
the vatican city is a 15 - minute walk away .
towels are provided .
featuring a shower , private bathroom comes with free toiletries .
conveniently located 500 metres from gondola lift , murphy ' s lodge alexander services apartments features self - catered apartments .
packed lunches can be provided upon request .
situated a 5 - minute drive away from the centre of windhoek , hotel thule is located on a hillside and offers magnificent views over the city .
sultanahmet district is 4 km away with many historical sites and ataturk airport is within 20 km .
geißkopf ski - lift is 5 km from the hotel .
suites also have a well - equipped kitchenette .
popular activities in the surrounding area include hiking , cycling and skiing , and ski equipment can be hired from the accommodation .
all rooms include a tv with cable channels .
driving suits , helmets and spare parts are available in the on - site shop .
rooms at premier inn london edmonton are air conditioned and come with flat - screen satellite tv , tea and coffee making facilities and a writing desk .
staff at the 24 - hour front desk can provide information about the area .
guests can enjoy mediterranean cuisine and locally produced wine , including the elbing , germany ' s oldest variety .
the apartment is 3 . 8 km from bayterek monument .
air - conditioned rooms include free wi - fi and a kitchenette .
work - play suites union offers accommodation in fredericton .
baanlay ’ s restaurant serves a delicious selection of thai and international food .
the hotel also has a sauna .
chinese fishing village and damingshan river are within a short drive from the hotel .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
free on - site parking and 2 boat berths are available .
local hunan cuisine can also be enjoyed on site .
the property is 3 . 9 km from coate water country park and 4 . 4 km from lydiard park .
the property features views of the city and is 500 metres from via indipendenza .
a wide variety of nightlife , places to eat and shops can be found within brighton city centre .
the rich and international breakfast buffet provides a good start to the day .
free private parking is possible on site .
within 500 metres , you will find an array of taverns , the port and the beach , as well as buses and the taxi rank .
situated in braşov , within a 10 - minute walk from the black church and the council square , castel iezer features a garden with a children ' s playground and a terrace .
guests have access to free parking nearby .
guests of the alpenhof can enjoy a relaxing all organic massage or body treatment .
in the heart of downtown oklahoma city and only steps from top attractions including at & t bricktown ballpark , this hotel features a free daily hot breakfast and signature cloud nine beds .
satellite tv and a private bathroom with a shower are provided .
the two - bedroom house consists of a living room with a fireplace , a seating corner and a flat - screen tv with cable channels .
the hotel ’ s private , 2 - km fishing stream on one of the most pristine stretches of the gail river is home to a high number of greylings and trout .
the property offers barbecue facilities and an outdoor pool surrounded by tropical gardens , where guests can reserve a free snorkeling class .
st petersburg - clearwater airport is 23 km from the property .
within 5 km of entebbe international airport , imperial resort beach hotel is located in entebbe .
set less than a 5 - minute drive from the closest ski lifts and 3 km from bruneck , garni graber offers free wifi and mountain décor and a garden .
the nearest airport is lombok international airport , 52 km from the property .
a shuttle to the airport can be arranged .
the property offers sauna , hot tub and sunbed .
a pai apartment is located in guangzhou and offers self - catering accommodation .
the portimão city centre is a 10 - minute drive and the famous rocha beach is an 11 - minute drive . the portimão municipal theatre is an 8 - minute drive from the property .
hotel kramm is located a short walk from several restaurants , a supermarket , a gas station and two blocks away from the casino .
all units are air - conditioned and feature a fully equipped kitchenette with a dining area .
the wharf bistro at the schull harbour hotel serves dinner in the evening , and o ' brien ' s bar is where you will find an extensive bar menu and occasional live entertainment .
featuring free wifi and a terrace , apartments savin kuk offers accommodation 3 . 8 km from žabljak and 2 . 5 km from crno jezero lake .
other facilities like a shared lounge are offered .
located on the cliffs of fira , cori rigas suites features a freshwater swimming pool and a furnished sun terrace with spectacular views of the santorini volcano and the aegean sea .
free private parking is available on site .
the nearest bus stop is 1 . 5 km from guest house oaze .
located just steps away from the beach in dobra voda , this apartment features a terrace and a garden with an outdoor pool and a barbecue .
a seating area with a cable tv , a kitchen with a dishwasher and a washing machine and tumble dryer are offered at renata at the brandies by execustay omaha .
cycling routes pass right by the house and the pyhrn - priel golf course can be reached within a 2 - minute drive .
situated on 7 acres , this parksville property overlooks rathrtrevor beach .
guests can enjoy various relaxation facilities such as a public hot - spring bath , a hot tub and a sauna room .
some apartments are barrier - free .
tea room keyaki restaurant offers a hearty breakfast buffet featuring freshly baked bread and japanese dishes .
the apartment is located on the second floor and features a bedroom , a spacious living room with a sofa and a table for four , as well as a kitchenette with a dishwasher and a bathroom with a shower cabin and a hairdryer , as well as a washing machine .
the nearest airport is tiruchirapalli airport , 11 km from srirangam homestay .
guests can cook at the fully equipped kitchen with a stove , toaster and coffee machine .
packed breakfasts are available and lunch packages can also be arranged upon request .
miracle mile miami is 11 km from luxury apartments in doral by lyx suites , while marlins park is 13 km away .
hotel agur offers practical rooms with tvs .
the m4 motorway is a 5 - minute drive away and windsor ’ s historic town centre and racecourse can be reached after a 10 - minute drive .
gdansk lech walesa airport is 29 km from the property .
omaha is 34 miles away .
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower and bidet .
tech park , the north atlanta trade center , and the gwinnett civic center are all minutes away .
just 5 minutes ’ walk from the beach , this pet - friendly motel is located in newport , oregon .
they offer a seasonal outdoor pool and free on - site parking .
the unit fitted with a kitchen with a dishwasher and oven .
jakov . guests have access to the spa at the neighbouring partner hotel , which is just 100 metres away .
ski storage is also provided .
it offers accommodation with balcony and free wi - fi , plus a garden pool .
the toirano caves are a 20 - minute drive away .
queen square is a 10 - minute walk away .
this country house with free wi - fi and heating features a seating area with a sofa , flat - screen tv , and dvd player .
free wifi is offered .
cagliari is a 25 - minute drive away .
the property is 900 metres from pärnu city center and 500 metres from pärnu golf club .
shopping is 3 . 8 km away at place fleur de lys .
there are also numerous cycle routes surrounding the site .
the property offers free parking .
local businesses offer water sports activities such diving .
meeting rooms and a business center are available to guests .
the smart rooms are colourful and simply furnished .
explanada de españa boulevard is 1 . 6 km from sunny flat benalua , while procathedral of san nicolás de bari is 1 . 7 km from the property .
all rooms of ankara risiss hotel are modernly decorated and include air - conditioning and a seating area .
the distance to archbishop ' s palace is 200 metres away .
the bathroom comes with a shower and a toilet .
the property offers free parking .
other facilities at das reiners include a sun terrace and a lounge with table football and billiard facilities .
hostel podsolnuh offers accommodation in tver .
every room at this bed and breakfast is air conditioned and features a flat - screen tv . certain units feature a seating area to relax in after a busy day .
you can enjoy city view from the room .
certain units feature a seating area for your convenience .
staff at the 24 - hour reception can assist with luggage storage , car rental and laundry services .
all rooms at the westin doha feature the signature heavenly bed , a flat - screen tv with satellite channels , seating area , work desk and a minibar .
all units come with an well - equipped kitchen , living room and private bathrooms with hot shower .
the accommodation is provided with a satellite - tv , a hi - fi player , a cd player , a dvd player and a terrace with a barbecue .
the costa verde beaches are just a 5 - minute walk away .
fortune landmark hotel is located 5 km from ahmedabad station .
it offers air - conditioned accommodation with a sea - view balcony and a terrace .
the nearest airport is batumi international airport , 4 km from the property .
classic - style rooms at the giglio have a tv , minibar and tiled floors .
the distance to anapa train station is 13 km from pansionat visokiy bereg .
in addition to its various shared - use hot - spring baths , the hotel has a red - water foot bath and 2 baths that can be reserved for private use .
it offers an on - site restaurant and modern rooms with free wi - fi access .
the private bathroom includes a shower , slippers and free toiletries .
belawan port is a 50 - minute drive from the centre of medan city or an hour ’ s drive from polonia international airport .
a bakery , delicatessen and grocery delivery service can also be arranged .
free wifi is offered .
a coffee maker and a hairdryer are provided in every room at super 8 louisville airport . a telephone and clock radio are also included .
hostel abbaye royale is a 40 - minute drive to niort and a 1 - hour drive to la rochelle and ile de ré .
featuring a shower , the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
it also has a bar set against their landscaped garden .
all of the stylish rooms have a balcony and are well - equipped .
these holiday houses are located on bornholm island , a 10 - minute walk from central allinge .
the front desk is open 24 hours a day and wi - fi is free throughout the résidence les 3 iles .
the staff may help with arrangements to take a tour to watch the whales when season .
private bathrooms offer a hairdryer , bathrobe and slippers .
mir nevsky hotel is located in the heart of saint petersburg , a 7 - minute walk from the palace square and the state hermitage museum .
some of the guest rooms at the hôtel de la mer feature harbour views .
there is a motorbike and bicycle garage on site .
this 4 - star , art nouveau hotel features a steak restaurant .
this traditional family - run pension is set in the scenic dachstein - tauern region in austria .
the golfclub föhrenwald golf course is a 10 - minute drive away and within a 30 - minute drive , lake neusiedl and the semmering ski area can be reached .
bačvice beach can be reached in 1 . 5 km , while obojena beach is 1 . 9 km away .
the avenue pattaya is 1 . 3 km from the corner lodge , while central festival pattaya beach is 1 . 6 km from the property .
apartments at domitys le jardin d ' eole is a self - catering apartment equipped with a flat - screen tv , a fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom .
situated off of interstate 5 in laguna hills , this elegant hotel is 14 miles from salt creek beach park .
langkawi airport is 8 . 9 km from the property while langkawi ferry terminal is a 30 - minute drive away .
the castle hotel regensburg is a 5 - minute walk from the old town ’ s cathedral and pedestrian area , as well as the world - famous steinerne brücke ( stone bridge ).
towels and bed linen are offered .
centrally located in the village of terchová , penzión šibenica is 4 km from vrátna ski resort .
free wifi is provided on the terrace where the bar is set .
the resort also provides babysitting and laundry services .
each air - conditioned room also features westin bath amenities .
the elegant and modern villa will provide you a terrace with loungers surrounding the pool .
situated in lermontovo , 49 km from goryachiy klyuch , guest house na sovhoznoy 13 features air - conditioned rooms and free private parking .
zoviya hill white apart is located in trabzon and offers self - catering accommodation with sea views .
catania is 8 km from come in sicily fisherman house , while taormina is 35 km from the property .
the nearest supermarket is 2 km from the apartments .
just off highway 65 , this merrillville hotel features an indoor pool and classically furnished rooms equipped with cable tv and free wi - fi .
free private parking is available on site .
room service options are also available .
star hotel is popular with business guests and trade fair visitors , as well as leisure travellers on a city break to frankfurt .
they have a living room with a sofa and a flat - screen tv . kitchen facilities include a microwave , fridge , coffee maker and a washing machine .
the nearest airport is ufa international airport , 21 km from apartment park yakutova .
each unit is fitted with a private bathroom with slippers .
balatonfenyves train station is a 15 - minute walk from rudolf apartmann .
breakfast is served here in the summer months .
a playground is also featured and tennis lessons are possible on site .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling and hiking .
the accommodation has a flat - screen tv with cable channels .
a balcony is available in each unit .
a buffet breakfast is served each morning in the breakfast room .
palm springs and palm springs international airport are 1 hours ’ drive away .
ironing facilities are available .
hongqiao airport is a 1 - hour car journey away . shanghai disneyland can be reached in 23 minutes by car .
you will find a shared lounge at the property .
gimpo airport is a 17 . 5 km away , while incheon international airport is 53 km away .
le muy petit - adults - only hotel ’ s rooms feature a desk , a closet , a telephone and flat - screen tv .
surrounded by beautiful gardens , the guest house features a rustic décor with exposed wood beams and exposed walls .
had apartment - truong dinh is a 15 - minute walk from ben thanh market , tao dan park and the unification palace .
front desk staff is available 24 hours a day and can assist with luggage storage and trip organisation or arrange a car rental service .
taupo is a 20 - minute drive away , and offers numerous adventure activities , shops and restaurants .
there is also an expansive outdoor pool area , and a 13th - century chapel .
featuring an à - la - carte accommodation decorated in baroque - style , it offers free use of spa and wellness centre .
each room has access to a shared toilet .
the family - run avenida tropical is eco - friendly , using solar energy .
the inn also offers bike hire .
it is composed of a separate bedroom , a living room with fully equipped kitchenette , and a bathroom . it includes a flat - screen tv with satellite channels and dvd player .
brescia train station is a 10 - minute taxi ride from the property .
other facilities like ski storage are offered at penthouse liebelei .
the apartments are within 5 minutes ’ walk of several bars , restaurants and shops , and barceloneta market is 100 metres away .
the hotel du parc does everything to make your stay unforgettable and entirely dedicated to rest and relaxation . the hotel offers spacious rooms equipped with new furniture and bedding , private bathrooms , telephone and satellite tv .
spacious and air conditioned , all bungalows and apartments open out to a terrace with garden , pool or mediterranean sea views .
they are surrounded by private gardens and come with an en - suite bathroom , tv and an electronic safe .
during the winter is served in the breakfast room , during summer in the covered terrace with city views .
free private parking is offered at the hotel .
there is also a kitchen , equipped with a dishwasher , oven and microwave . a toaster and fridge are also provided , as well as a coffee machine .
casa penelope offers air - conditioned accommodation in pozzolengo , 31 km from verona . the property is 9 km from sirmione and free private parking is provided .
the area is popular for golfing and horse riding .
mambo beach , jan thiel and several other beaches are within a 10 - minute drive , while hato international airport can be reached in a 20 - minute drive .
the rooms feature bunk beds and heating facilities .
airport shuttle is available upon request .
named after native american tribes , rooms at the smith & western evoke the old west with bedside lights in the shape of antlers or cowboy boots , and blankets inspired by native american designs .
free wi - fi is available throughout .
this cosy property has been completely refurbished .
at apart hotel david you will find a 24 - hour front desk and a shared kitchen .
the r1 highway is 400 metres from the hotel and the kinepolis event centre is a 3 - minute walk away .
there is a private bathroom with a shower .
each heated room at hotel bahía bayona has simple , modern décor . all rooms include a desk , tv , safe and a private bathroom .
lone star executive airport is 10 minutes ’ drive away .
set in a quiet area within walking distance from the marina , apartment diana vinkuran has free wi - fi , free parking , a large terrace and a lounge area with fireplace .
the villa comes with an open - plan dining and lounge area with a flat - screen tv . the fully - equipped kitchen includes a dishwasher . a spa bath and washing machine can be found in the bathrooms .
the park includes a wide range of restaurants , shops and 2 swimming pools .
hotel rooms include parquet floor and a private bathroom with shower .
free wifi is available throughout the property .
you will find a coffee machine and a kettle in the room , in addition to a microwave .
the bathrooms are either private or shared .
this charming hotel also offers a garden and a terrace .
set 150 metres from the corvin plaza and a 5 - minute walk from the corvin metro station on the m3 line , the self - catered parkside apartment budapest offers a ground - floor accommodation with a terrace .
alassio train station is less than 4 km away , while the principality of monaco is a 1 - hour drive along the coastline .
there is an equipped kitchenette with a microwave and a refrigerator .
the hotel is 4 . 8 km from dalian university of foreign languages .
weimar berkaer train station is a 15 - minute walk away .
museum of skiing is 2 . 9 km from wakacyjny dom dawidówka .
rama al madina hotel features twin and triple rooms with a simple décor .
some room types include a bathtub .
the guest house also offers bike hire and car hire .
free wifi is available in all rooms .
there is also a terrace .
located just a 20 - minute drive from the picturesque munduk waterfall , atres villa offers a cosy and spacious accommodation with an outdoor pool and free wifi access .
free parking is provided .
private parking , laundry services and safes are some of the services offered on site ; some of these services might have an extra charge .
palácio da bolsa is 150 metres from porto de rio , and the iconic clérigos church is within a 10 - minute walk .
towels and bed linen are available at old town apartment theo .
there is a spacious furnished terrace with dining and seating areas .
alternatively , they can dine in the local café that is within a 15 - minute walk of the property .
the square serves multi - cuisine dishes .
rooms are also equipped with a flat - screen tv . coffee - making facilities and ironing facilities are included .
each room at le riad meknes is air - conditioned , has different architectural features and moroccan - style decor .
the apartment is 1 . 3 km from holy transfiguration monastery .
a gym and a business centre with computer and internet access are available at the property .
westborough country club is 3 minutes ’ drive and many restaurants and shopping centres are within walking distance .
there is a seating area and a kitchen as well as a private bathroom .
recreation choices include enjoying a relaxing massage .
it takes 35 minutes to drive to noi bai international airport .
a free ski bus brings you to the ski areas of kappl and ischgl in the winter .
surrounded by lush gardens , right on the beach of argassi , the beachfront zakantha beach features a swimming pool and poolside snack bar .
the property is within 1 . 6 km from parliament house and istana negara malaysia palace . the famous suria klcc and petronas twin towers are 4 km away , while kuala lumpur international airport can be reached with a 43 km drive .
other facilities include a terrace and garden furniture .
each room in this hotel features a flat - screen cable tv and air - conditioning , and a bathroom with shower , toilet and a hairdryer .
jardins da ria is situated in ria of aveiro , close to the beach in the resort town of torreira .
there is also a table tennis .
set in budva , this hotel is 50 metres away from mogren stadium and 250 metres from the slovenian beach on the montenegrin coast .
the apartment provides a living room with a flat - screen cable tv .
there are 2 bathrooms in each apartment . soundproofing and a washing machine are also available in the apartments .
a healthy organic breakfast buffet is served in das mietwerk i boutique & bio hostel lindau ' s inviting dining room .
they are set in a family - run guest house .
you will find a shared lounge at the property .
extras include a work area .
a poolside hot tub , lounge chairs and fitness centre is available for guests ’ at phoenix - tempe doubletree by hilton .
in the surrounding area , there are quite a few local restaurants for your choice .
set in the heart of trapani , belvedere rooms and terrace offers air - conditioned accommodation 200 metres from the sandy beach .
the unit is fitted with a kitchen .
zvolen is 36 km from family house ružiná , while tale is 50 km away .
st bernard ' s whisky and champagne bar offers a wide variety of scotch whiskies and french champagne .
for your comfort , you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer .
nimrod hotel es etterem ' s homely styled restaurant has wooden beams and wood panelling .
guests staying at the hotel mk can reach frankfurt airport in 20 minutes by city rail .
a buffet breakfast is available in the hotel ’ s bright dining room , which features floor - to - ceiling windows .
some apartments come with a balcony and partial garden views .
set in the catalan pyrenees , an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including skiing , cycling and horse riding .
the megéve tourist office is situated 200 metres from the hotel and the mont d ’ arbois golf course is 2 km away .
the accommodation will provide you with a cable tv and a balcony .
it is served in the breakfast room with views of the mountains .
guests can enjoy breakfast buffets and the latest newspapers each morning .
free public parking is available in front of otakar hotel .
best western plus grand hotel ’ s bright , modern rooms feature parquet wooden floors , a desk and a fan .
the apartment can accommodate up to 4 persons .
overlooking tenby ’ s golden south beach , the panorama has magnificent sea views towards caldey island .
its location is ideal for daily cruises around mt . athos .
dom z witrażami has free private parking and is situated 30 metres from turnia ski chairlift and 150 metres from mały kasprowy , zwyrtlik and ufo ski lifts with joined ski - pass .
with good access to the ap - 53 and ap - 9 motorways , the hotel is just 10 minutes ’ drive from santiago airport .
the nearest airport is pulkovo airport , 31 km from apartments on fedora abramova 16 .
some rooms have a private bathroom , while others have shared bathroom facilities .
shower facilities are included in an en suite bathroom .
a continental breakfast is also available .
free wifi is available throughout the property .
rooms here will provide you with a cable tv and shared bathroom facilities with showers .
the property includes a vineyard and guests are treated with a free glass of wine every evening .
rotterdam the hague airport is located 106 km away and the property offers free parking .
the beach area offers free parasols and free sunbeds .
a beautiful rural home in the middle of galician countryside .
the kitchen is equipped with a ceramic hob .
a full cornish breakfast is served each morning , featuring produce from the county .
every morning , guests can start the day with a traditional turkish breakfast .
guests can cook in the kitchen , equipped with fridge , stove , microwave and electric kettle .
king shaka international airport is 20 minutes away by car and an airport shuttle can be arranged .
san giuan is a small hotel just around the corner from the seaside promenade in alghero , 50 metres from san giovanni beach .
relax residence is situated in iaşi , 4 . 1 km from iasi international airport .
centrally located in düsseldorf , this hotel is set just a 10 - minute walk from both the königsallee shopping street and the main train station .
the property offers free parking .
guests can enjoy mini - golf and tennis nearby .
a shuttle service is provided on request , and surgut airport is 13 . 5 km away .
each offers a spacious living room with a flat - screen tv , while the kitchen includes an oven , a stove and a fridge .
the ballon des vosges regional nature park is a 12 - minute drive away .
the front desk is staffed 24 / 7 .
transfer services to salzburg , munich , venice , milan and to lake garda are available on request .
its restaurant serves a variety of meals throughout the day , and wi - fi is free .
city views can be enjoyed from the balcony .
it also offers a range of thai and european dishes .
guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant or visit the on - site bar .
located in barcelona , apartment barcelona sagrada familia beauty features air conditioning and a balcony with street views .
the restaurant serves both local and international dishes .
open daily , the on - site restaurant serves both thai and international dishes featuring fresh seafood and produce .
various restaurants and cafés are nearby .
the private bathroom in each unit comes with shower .
free wifi is provided and free private parking is available on site .
the water reservoir orava is just 5 km and the panasonic factory 1 km away .
lake chelan municipal golf course is 10 minutes ’ drive away . leavenworth , washington is 1 hours ’ drive away .
free parking is available near the hotel for guests exploring the island by car and bike rental is available nearby .
a flat - screen tv is offered .
the accessible location of the link hotel makes it a good option for visiting loughborough , its university , the nearby city of leicester , or as an overnight stop on the way to east midlands airport .
free wi - fi and parking are provided .
ideally located between dieppe and fécamp , in the village of veulettes sur mer , the hotel des bains is an ideal choice for a stay on the côte d ’ albâtre .
guests benefit from terrace and a terrace .
all apartments have a private sauna .
free wifi is offered throughout the property .
the distance from baltica apartments to the famous wooden pier in sopot is 450 metres .
sochi international airport is 85 km from guest house lermontov .
libourne train station is 25 km from this property where free parking is possible .
pula airport is located within 8 km .
guests can enjoy a breakfast buffet for a charge every morning .
guests can also relax in the patio or in the garden equipped with bbq facilities and deckchairs .
this hotel offers free wifi access and guest rooms with a flat - screen tv and a desk .
the rooms at guesthouse matra bali are fully air conditioned and well equipped with a flat - screen tv , a wardrobe and a fridge .
all units include a kitchenette equipped with a microwave and fridge . there is a private bathroom with free toiletries in every unit .
close to vineyards and surrounded by a beautiful landscape , and 6 km away from the town of baden , hotel turmhof offers offers a sauna , an infrared cabin and a relaxation area with a spacious roof terrace .
escape your day - to - day life and trade it temporarily for the 5 - star luxury of this hotel .
it offers free wi - fi , a wine bar and a restaurant .
each is equipped with a flat - screen tv and air conditioning , and all have a private bathroom .
free wireless internet access is available in this holiday home .
rooms here will provide you with a flat - screen tv and air conditioning .
air conditioning , an lcd tv with satellite and cable channels and a minibar are included in every room .
breakfast is served each day at the hotel ' s restaurant .
the kids club is nearby the children swimming pool and its spacious area with playground .
there are two bathrooms with shower .
situated in the centre of balchik , only a few metres from the black sea , los dos gallos offers rooms and suites with balconies and free wifi .
young guests will find a playground , and a games room with books and comics .
towels and bed linen are provided .
guests can enjoy panoramic views from the large windows .
this rodeway inn portland hotel is completely non - smoking .
it offers a pool , gardens and self - catering apartments with free wi - fi .
olympic stadium is 1 . 1 km from doors mini - hotel . the property is 600 metres from tsventoy central market shopping centre and moscow circus on tsvetnoy boulevard .
you can enjoy the view of the square from the unit .
located only 300 metres from unesco - listed monastery horezu , pensiunea horezu offers accommodation with free wifi and an on - site restaurant .
champs de mars park leading to the eiffel tower is 1 . 5 km from this hotel and montparnasse train station is 2 km away .
le cinque sorelle features fully equipped holiday homes and apartments with a private patio or balcony .
a fully - equipped kitchen and breakfast area are also provided .
central station is a 15 - minute walk .
bed linen is available .
on - site parking is provided free of charge , and the reception is open 24 hours .
the garden - view rooms are air - conditioned and individually furnished .
the bathrooms are shared , the washing machine and ironing facilities are on site .
the guest house also offers free use of bicycles .
the nearest airport is mariscal sucre airport , 20 km from the property .
ohrid airport is 8 km from the property .
extras include bed linens and a fan .
featuring an outdoor pool , camping y cabañas l ' etoile offers self - catering bungalows in pucon .
private bathroom comes with a shower and free toiletries .
a terrace or patio are featured in certain rooms .
all rooms feature en suite shower rooms , tv and tea / coffee making facilities .
all rooms at the petite verneda guest house are equipped with heating and wooden floors .
it is a short walk to the centre of the city and the bicycle paths .
the nearest airport is boryspil international airport , 34 km from the property .
the nearest airport is varna airport , 12 km from apartment vinitsa .
located in sarajevo ' s kovaci area , hotel ada provides free private parking .
an en suite bathroom offers free toiletries for added convenience .
the alhambra , overlooking the city of granada , is a 48 km drive away .
the lively nat market and boeung chhouk market are also a 10 - minute drive away .
some rooms feature ocean views .
within 1 km , you can also visit the famous mykonos windmills and the scenic little venice .
the rooms at chambres d ' hôtes du chateau de saint sulpice are individually decorated in a classical style and offer views of the valley .
opposite praça da república , this hotel is located close to braga ’ s most well known monuments , gardens and museums . it is positioned inside the bragashopping , the city ’ s top shopping destination .
the accommodation comes with a seating area . some units include a terrace and / or balcony with mountain or garden views .
the nearest airport is zakynthos international " dionysios solomos " airport , 19 km from laura beach house .
this house offers four bedrooms and accommodates twelve people .
situated between land and sea , on 12 hectares of land , this auberge is a former farm that has been transformed into a cosy residence with an outdoor swimming pool .
facilities include cable tv , washing machine and microwave .
free on - site parking is provided .
the old town hall with the orloj astronomical clock can be reached within 20 minutes on foot or 5 minutes by tram .
the cosmopolitan elounda is at 9 km , while plaka village is 14 km away .
lanzarote airport is 67 km away .
located in a tropical and simple property by the beach in barú , ecohostel hakuna matata offers its guests a restaurant on site .
satellite tv , a seating area and an en suite bathroom are provided in each room at days inn casa grande .
the spacious rooms are air - conditioned and well - appoitned with cable tv and a minibar .
the property offers free parking .
perched on the hills of buda , the rustic - style dream homes private villa offers an indoor pool , a hot tub sauna and free wifi .
two bedrooms have a double bed and there is a mezzanine with two single beds .
there is a selection of restaurants within a 10 - minute walk of the accommodation , and the nearest supermarket is 1 km away .
offering a garden , hof garber offers accommodation in san giorgio . mayrhofen is 39 km from the property .
rooms have a private bathroom fitted with a bath or shower .
rooms at the lillà hotel have en suite facilities and lcd tv with satellite and sky channels .
free wi - fi access is available in this farm stay . horse - riding is possible on site .
free wifi access is available .
rooms at the radisson blu madrid prado are fully air conditioned and soundproofed .
a ski bus stop is right outside .
guests can have snacks and beverages at the snack bar .
a continental breakfast serving homemade products is provided each morning at château de buffavent .
maria apartments offers free public wireless internet access , as well as free parking .
you can engage in various activities , such as windsurfing and cycling .
in - house prudhvi restaurant serves local , indian and chinese fare .
sea and city views can be enjoyed from here .
each room includes a flat - screen tv , a fridge , and tea and coffee making facilities . the bathrooms have complimentary toiletries and a hairdryer .
a children ’ s playground is also on site .
located just a 5 - minute walk from sidi kankouche beach , dar zeitoun offers a terrace , moroccan lounge with a fireplace and a garden . the centre of tangier is only a 17 - minute drive away .
red square is 2 . 1 km from apartment on sukharevskaya , while gum department store is 2 . 1 km away .
the bar and lounge are available with entertainment and happy hour .
the holiday home features free wifi throughout the property .
hotel artemide is just 200 metres from the repubblica metro station , 2 stops from the spanish steps .
the hotel also provides a children ' s and teens club , as well as a business centre .
a flat - screen tv is offered .
some rooms have a hob and there is also a dining area .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , alpenrosenbahn is in 2 . 3 km and choralmbahn in 2 . 6 km .
the comfortable rooms at hotel rehavital all have satellite tv , minibars and seating areas .
cincinnati / northern kentucky international airport is 34 km away .
ubud monkey forest is 900 metres from zenrooms ubud jembawan 2 , while elephant cave is 3 . 4 km from the property .
hotel colosseum & spa features free wifi throughout the property .
all accommodation units at the annabelle ’ s come functionally furnished .
guests can enjoy panoramic city views from copenhagen crown ’ s 5th floor breakfast room .
catania fontanarossa airport is 75 km away .
each spacious bedroom at randolph mackenzie has an en suite bathroom with bathrobes , slippers , and a hairdryer .
facing the garden or the pool , rooms at the eden have modern furnishings and tiled floors . the shared bathroom is complete with a shower and a bathtub .
the best western hotel braunschweig offers rooms featuring cable tv .
the nearest airport is kuching airport , 27 km from guesthouse selang .
there is also a spa bath or a terrace in some rooms .
at caymanian cottage you will find a garden .
the unit equipped with a kitchen with an oven and fridge .
the resort boasts 3 outdoor pools and a spa .
varna city is 54 km from gliko seaside apartments . the nearest airport is varna airport , 60 km from gliko seaside apartments . golden sands is reachable within 70 km and burgas within 77 km .
ooty - fern hill ; a sterling holidays resort is 4 km from ooty town and ooty railway and bus station .
free wi - fi is provided in the entire building .
apartment pizzo * lxxxiii * is a holiday home situated in pizzo , 26 km from tropea . the unit is 33 km from santa maria .
conveniently located just a 3 - minute walk from the nevada state capitol complex , this carson city hotel offers easy access to many local attractions .
lisbon international airport is 6 . 7 km away .
all rooms feature a warm décor and come with free wifi access .
there are a number of shops and restaurants within easy reach in braga .
perugia and gubbio are a 40 - minute drive away .
beauty services can be provided at extra charge .
airport shuttles can be arranged for surcharge .
a huge number of attractions are close by , with the national portrait gallery , british museum , british library and madame tussauds just a selection of those within 15 - 30 minutes ’ walk .
the hotel can offer vegetarian alternatives and is happy to cater to any dietary requirements with prior request .
the kitchen comes with an oven and a microwave , as well as a kettle .
free private parking is offered on site .
nestled within tropical gardens , bungalows have spacious interiors featuring a traditional thai décor .
displaying warm orange - coloured walls , decorative tapestries and rustic décor touches , the rooms feature practical amenities .
featuring an indoor pool , an outdoor pool , a solarium , a restaurant and a bar , gran lourdes offers free wi - fi and breakfast in villa carlos paz . the city centre and commercial pedestrian street are 20 metres away , while the famous cucu clock is 50 metres from the hotel .
the unit is fitted with a kitchenette . a tv is offered .
electric kettle is also provided . the attached bathroom comes with shower facility .
breakfast is served every morning in the elegant salto restaurant .
connecting rooms can be requested .
it features unobstructed town views , wood - carved ornaments and a restaurant .
a continental breakfast with pastries and freshly squeezed juices is served in the living room .
the hotel also has a 24 - hour convenience store .
it features an on - site restaurant and bar , and free unlimited wifi access . free on - site parking is available .
a business centre , fitness centre , laundry facilities , and free parking are offered on site for guests ' convenience .
the centre of korenica is about 4 km away , providing a bank , a market , a hospital and a pharmacy . venture out and explore the picturesque surroundings – go on a picnic or visit the typical croatian villages where you can try all types of national food and drinks .
located 1 , 5 km from the centre of łomża , perła kompleks gastronomiczny offers classically furnished , simple rooms with free wi - fi .
ramnicu valcea ’ s boutique hotel simfonia is located 500 metres from the centre of town and offers a fitness room , spa area , sauna and steam bath .
private bathrooms also come with towels .
homemade olive oil , wax and paper objects can be bought on site .
guests can relax in the hotel ’ s sauna or steam bath .
aurora university is 6 miles from this hotel .
the area is ideal for outdoor activities , such as trekking or rafting in voidomatis river .
every room at this bed and breakfast is air conditioned and is fitted with a flat - screen tv .
this is a 2 - room apartment 30 m2 on the 1st floor located in the district of de la pinède , 2 km from the centre , in a quiet position , 1 . 3 km from the beach .
the pesto italian restaurant serves traditional piattini , which are small savoury dishes .
offering an outdoor pool for adults and one for children , a sun terrace , and apartments with a furnished outdoor area , riparbella ' s il casolare val di mare is 10 km from the seaside .
there also is a vending machine providing hot and cold drinks .
the port is only 200 metres away and sainte agathe fort is 500 metres from the hotel .
rooms feature an attached bathroom equipped with hot shower facility .
lennart meri tallinn airport is located 4 km away .
located in a peaceful area , villa tartaruga is a 15 - minute drive from porto cervo .
featuring a bath or shower , the private bathroom also provides you with free toiletries .
tarragona is 1 hour by car .
all of the tastefully furnished en suite rooms have tvs and tea / coffee making facilities .
national exhibition centre belexpo is 4 . 3 km from yantarnaya , while national academic big opera and ballet theatre is 7 km from the property .
all rooms boast custom - made log furniture and a granite bathroom .
it is located a 15 - minute drive from rennes and 35 minutes from st malo .
lyon airport can be reached in 30 minutes by car .
enjoy our free hot breakfast featuring eggs , meat , yogurt , fresh fruit , cereal and more , including your choice of hot waffle flavors !
laundry , airport transfers and shuttle services can be arranged at an extra cost .
the hotel ’ s sauna is free for guests on tuesdays and thursdays .
bungalow sr is a 5 - minute walk from bophut beach and a 20 - minute drive from samui airport .
freshly baked bread and croissants are provided daily at the buffet breakfast , which is served in the garden during the summer .
the airport is 40 minutes ’ drive away .
beijing easyhome chaoyang is a 10 - minute walk from dawan subway station and a 15 - minute drive from beijing railway station .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with complimentary towels .
guests can also enjoy activities in the surrounding area like windsurfing and fishing .
a tv with cable channels is available .
situated close to the bus station , the hotel offers easy access to beaches .
offering a spa centre and hot tub , mandala village is set in jimbaran in the bali region , 2 . 9 km from the rock bar .
the accommodation is a 5 minutes ’ walk from bars and restaurants .
guests can make use of the garden , which has both barbecue facilities and a children ’ s playground .
pension małopolanka has a range of rooms , studios and apartments to suit your personal needs . all accommodation types benefit from modern , private bathrooms , free wi - fi , television and radio .
a public gym is only 100 metres away .
buffet breakfast is served daily at its restaurant .
offering an outdoor pool , bar area and terrace , this 4 - bedroom holiday home is located in tequesquitengo .
the guesthouse is located on praia da camiranga beach .
rooms at this family - run hotel are simple and comfortable .
the nearest metro station is ottaviano , 900 metres from the property .
at agriturismo molinaro you will find a 24 - hour front desk , a garden and barbecue facilities . other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge .
alpine meadows ski resort is 4 minutes ’ drive away .
the cape town international airport is 103 km away and cape town city is 119 km from the apartments .
each room comes with a flat - screen satellite tv , an electric kettle and a safety deposit box .
featuring free wifi and a sauna , manand hotel offers accommodation in yerevan , 1 . 1 km from republic square .
there is a seating area and a kitchen complete with an oven and a microwave .
achillion palace is only 4 km away . the centre of benitses is less than 1 . 5 km away . corfu town is within 12 . 5 km while corfu airport is at a distance of 11 . 5 km .
the 3 - bedroom house has a living room with a fireplace , sofa and satellite flat - screen tv .
this holiday home is 59 km from nîmes - alès - camargue - cévennes airport .
located at kibris sehitleri avenue , hotel apart alsancak is surrounded with plenty of cafés and shopping centres , izmir adnan menderes airport is located 21 km from the accommodation .
yorkshire sculpture park is 3 . 7 miles away .
wi - fi is provided free of charge in the entire property .
bbq equipment is also provided .
available round - the - clock , the friendly staff can assist guests with their requests throughout the day .
guests can lounge at the large sundeck , or arrange day trips at the tour desk .
located in rogaška slatina , apartments super sij - vila golf is 300 metres from rogaška slatina thermal spa .
a flat - screen tv with access to cable channels is equipped in each room at the motel 6 denton .
additional facilities at amalia include a tennis table .
a flat - screen tv with satellite channels is offered .
the hotel provides a 24 - hour front desk and a restaurant .
free toiletries , hairdryers and shower facilities can be found in the attached bathrooms .
located amidst the vineyards of the wachau , austria ' s most famous wine - growing region , hotel garni winzerin offers a very quiet location about 180 metres away from the historic village centre of spitz an der donau .
set in barcelona ’ s balmes district , barcelona stay is located 400 metres from sant gervasi metro station , with connection to plaça catalunya .
you can enjoy pool view and garden view from the room .
lepametsa organises boat trips to nearby islands .
located in creully , just opposite the castle , le relais du chateau dates back to the 19th - century and offers a small courtyard and veranda . bayeux is just 14 km away .
stupino train station is 2 km away .
you can enjoy a sea view and a garden view from the room .
shower facilities , towels and a set of free toiletries are available in the attached bathroom .
shops can be found within 1 km .
featuring free wifi , yulin dvorik offers pet - friendly accommodation in mezhvodnoe .
guests can head to the 24 - hour front desk for assistance with luggage storage , dry cleaning and concierge services .
offering a free outdoor pool and a sun terrace , oberwirtshof has rooms with a satellite flat - screen tv . with free wi - fi and free bikes , it is located in rifiano .
sahid montana malang hotel is a 20 - minute drive from sanan and a 35 - minute drive from abdul rachman saleh domestic airport .
each room is fitted with a private bathroom . extras include slippers , free toiletries and a hair dryer .
the suites and chalets at condomínio week inn campos do jordão have a balcony , a seating area with couches and a minibar .
the hotel is 15 minutes ' drive from the pittsburgh zoo and aquarium .
the ferienwohnungen im blauen haus offers 2 self - catering apartments with a shared garden .
the city hotel is near ancona ' s courthouse and 10 minutes ' walk from the harbour .
torres del paine are a 2 - hour drive away and the city centre of punta arenas is a 3 - hour drive away .
enjoying lake views , the accommodation features cable tv and a bathroom with a shower and free toiletries .
valkenburg is 20 minutes ’ from the hotel by car .
rheinsberg is surrounded by lakes and forests , which provided excellent cycling and hiking opportunities .
featuring a relaxing ambience and a river view , all rooms are fitted with a flat - screen tv , a safety deposit box and an electric kettle .
lic . gustavo diaz ordaz airport is located 29 km away .
according to the geo magazine the sant georg garni hotel in marianske lazne belongs to best hotels in the czech republic .
buffet breakfast is served on a porch surrounded by plants .
breakfast is served and free wifi is accessible throughout the property .
rooms at thomas hotel are air - conditioned and feature a seating area with flat - screen cable tv and a telephone , as well as a minibar .
paraty is 33 km from the guesthouse , and são paulo is 230 km away .
offering fantastic views of the river guadiana , los molinos is located in sanlúcar de guadiana , on the portuguese border .
offering an outdoor pool and a restaurant , sitio da calma is located in sirinhaém , 1 km from guadalupe beach and 4 km from carneiros beach .
all apartments have lift access , concierge service , multi - lingual staff , and 24 - hour on - site security ,
there are five bedrooms : one room with two beds and satellite tv , a room with one double bed , bath / wc and satellite tv , a room with two beds ( 90 cm ), one bedroom with one double bed and a bedroom 25 m2 with two beds ( 90 cm ), hand - basin .
the gallarus lounge and the cocktail bar provide a range of beers , wines and coffees .
kleines haus karon beach phuket features comfortable accommodation with modern facilities .
this two - bedroom apartment is equipped with a tv , air conditioning and a kitchen .
daily maid service is also provided .
the guest house is 800 metres from village square , 2 . 8 km from hamilton russel vineyards and 4 . 5 km from la vierge winery .
fishing and snorkelling activities can be enjoyed on the nearby pebbly beach .
lake eufaula state park and fountainhead golf course are a 20 - minute drive from this best value inn checotah .
local bars , restaurants and shops can be found within a 10 - minute walk .
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a refrigerator .
sandwiches are available in the bar , and guests can enjoy afternoon tea in the leafy gardens or the cosy lounge .
accommodation will provide you with a tv , a balcony and a seating area .
every unit comes with a private bathroom with bathrobes and free toiletries .
it is a 15 - minute drive from sanya railway station .
featuring free wifi and a terrace , b & b la terrazza sul quartiere isola offers accommodation in milan .
stay in one of the hotel ' s 36 spacious rooms , all accessible by lift and equipped with all the modern amenities you may need during your stay : free wireless internet , private bathroom , etc .
coin - operated laundry facilities are available for guest convenience .
it features a day spa , a swimming pool and free kayak rental .
haukaas enamel workshop is a 7 - minute walk away . the sognefjord aquarium in balestrand village centre is a 10 - minute drive away .
various restaurants , including a buffet , a steakhouse , and a quick - service cafe are on - site .
a 24 - hour reception is available for any queries .
dow gardens is 3 miles from the hotel .
the bathroom is complete with shower , hairdryer and toiletries .
free wired internet , a kitchen , bathroom and a washing machine are available in all apartments .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out mont d ' arbois ( 300 metres ) and petit vorasset ski lift ( 600 metres ).
the nearest airport is pulkovo airport , 14 km from kommunalka .
many typical umbrian cities such as perugia , assisi and orvieto can be reached by car in 1 hour . narni is a 20 - minute drive away , and the centre of stroncone is just 1 km away .
the bathroom comes with a shower .
illuketia is a 10 - minute drive from galle and 5 km from unawatuna city centre .
it features wood - beamed ceilings and tiled floors .
jfk airport is 24 km away .
all units have a seating area and work desk .
comfortable recliner chairs are included in most rooms .
shuttles to mariscal sucre international airport , a 2 , 5 - hour drive away , can be arranged .
city comfort apartments are set in a central location of budapest , 150 metres from the andrassy avenue and the bajza utca metro stop .
featuring free wifi and a barbecue , grig house eco resort offers accommodation in gyulagarak .
this 3 - star hotel enjoys a tranquil location in the village of riedmatt , near rheinfelden .
aalborg airport is 66 km away .
meals can be enjoyed indoors or in the terrace .
ferienwohnung alpenblick is 500 metres from fiescheralp ski arena and 450 metres from dorfplatz bus stop , connecting to ski areas of aletsch , rieder and bettmer ; offering a balcony and panoramic views , the self - catered accommodation comes with free wi - fi .
the sweet venetian breakfast consists of milk , coffee , bread , juice , cereal , and cake .
rimini miramare train station is 700 metres away , and trains link with rimini ’ s centre in 5 minutes .
a sweet and savoury buffet breakfast is available in the morning .
the private bathroom comes with a shower and a hairdryer , while towels and linen are included in the rate .
all rooms come standard with a flat - screen tv and air conditioning .
corda di lana hotel and resort is in the heart of the salento area , near the ionian sea .
a kitchenette includes an oven , hob , fridge , kettle and toaster , complemented by a dining table and chairs .
lavender luxury resort is a 5 - minute drive from bali galleria shopping mall and duty free shops .
it also offers numerous excursions around lipari and the other aeolian islands like stromboli and salina , often at discount prices .
the property offers free parking .
machong 8 inn has a 24 - hour front desk offering free luggage storage .
dry cleaning , ironing and laundry services are also offered .
travel and sightseeing bookings can be made at the tour desk .
palace square is 2 . 5 km from apartments alina on nevskiy pr - t 79 , while hermitage museum is 2 . 6 km from the property .
the motel also offers express check - in and check - out services .
offering indoor and outdoor pools and a spa centre , belarus resort is located in krasnaya polyana in sochi . free wi - fi , billiards and table tennis are featured for guests .
the spacious rooms all feature views of the dolomites .
edinburgh ’ s main shopping street , princes street , is less than 10 minutes ’ walk away .
doubletree by hilton qingdao - jimo is located in the heart of jimo . at doubletree by hilton qingdao - jimo you will find a restaurant and a fitness centre .
bar & lounge is available for coffee and tea during the day and cocktails at night .
it has a living area , a terrace with fountain and a kitchen featuring stove , barbecue , microwave and fridge .
the centre of crikvenica , featuring various restaurants , café bars , and shops can be found in 7 km .
the terrain is excellent for exploring by boat or bicycle , both of which are available for hire .
molly ' s beachside bar and grill offers casual beachfront dining , which includes gourmet hamburgers and hand - crafted cocktails .
in summer , the kärnten card is included in the rate .
offering both air - conditioning and heating facilities , each room has a minibar , a fridge and a tv with satellite channels .
the apartment will provide you with a tv , a balcony and a seating area .
slapen in bakkersgeuren groningen features free wifi .
the bar serves refreshing drinks .
the nearest airport is simferopol airport , 91 km from the property .
you can play tennis at the property , and the area is popular for diving .
an indoor pool and an outdoor seasonal pool are featured at kansas city howard johnson plaza hotel and conference center . guests can exercise in the fitness centre or make use of the launderette facilities .
all units are fully equipped and some feature a seating area where you can relax .
the property features a spa , 24 - hour front desk and meeting facilities .
there is also a shared lounge where guests can have a relaxing time chatting with each other .
the suite has a satellite flat - screen tv , wood - beamed ceilings and a minibar .
located in parigny , hôtel le dahu features a garden , a terrace and a children ’ s playground . free wi - fi access is available for guests .
a continental breakfast is also available .
surrounded by rice fields , abian ayu villa offers a tranquil getaway with stunning views of mount agung .
dino park mini golf is 400 metres from karon beach house , while kata noi beach is 2 . 3 km from the property .
the nearest restaurant is located 2 km away .
holiday home granvænget rødby xii is located in rødby . it can accommodate up to eight people .
a 10 - minute walk from otaru park and 1 . 5 km from jr otaru train station , emina backpackers offers simple dormitory accommodation with free wi - fi and shared bathrooms .
car rental and currency exchange services are available at the 24 - hour front desk .
the house has a spacious lounge with sofas and a fireplace , and guests have access to the shared kitchen .
sandcastle water park can be reached in just a 2 - minute walk , and many restaurants and bars can be found in the local area .
the plešivec ski lift is 25 km away , while the the chairlift to the diana viewpoint is only 200 metres from the apartmán tylova .
caserta is a 35 - minute drive from max hotel , while castel volturno is 33 km away .
with a view of the garden , the rooms at villa les iris feature a flat - screen tv with cable channels , a welcome tray , an electric kettle and ironing facilities .
at apart lima 265 you will find a 24 - hour front desk .
alicante airport is 12 km away .
some also feature a telephone and microwave .
at aquiraz beach place a restaurant , a tennis court and a fitness centre are available . other facilities like grocery deliveries , a shared lounge and a games room are offered .
the property offers free parking .
in - room dining is possible with room service .
the a29 motorway is ideally located a 6 - minute drive away and free private parking is possible on site .
pienza is 10 km away .
the guest house is located in a quiet area of the ancient city of porec , with its historical centre just 2 . 5 km from the house .
other facilities offered include a shared lounge and luggage storage .
a flat - screen tv is available .
there are 2 twin bedrooms and 2 bathrooms with a bath or shower .
a bus stop with links to vico del gargano and san menaio is 10 metres from the property .
casa manuel el herrero features rustic wooden beams and parquet floors .
free luggage storage is provided .
the bus station with buses to tulcea is 50 metres away from the puiu .
fraddie guest house is a cozy property which offers a safety deposit box for valuables as well as laundry and luggage storage facilities .
free barbecue facilities are also available .
featuring a garden , guesthouse lautasevic is set in petrovac na moru in the budva county region . budva is 18 km from the property .
the nearest airport is gazipasa airport , 39 km from the property .
the adult - only house features a fully equipped kitchen , living room with tv , dining room and 2 bedrooms . there are 2 bathrooms , and one has a shower spa .
a children ' s playground , shared kitchen and barbecue facilities are offered at aureliya guest house .
the bathroom has a shower and toilet .
a bath and shower can be found in the private bathroom .
van airport is 175 km away .
gasthof post is located on the medieval market square of oberdrauburg in carinthia ’ s drau valley .
offering mountain views form its private balcony , each unit features floor - to - ceiling windows , a flat - screen cable tv and an electric kettle . the private bathroom includes slippers , free toiletries and shower facilities .
at hill crown retreat you will find a 24 - hour front desk .
laundry facilities and a 24 - hour reception are also available .
shops and restaurants can be found in 500 m from the property .
the hotel also has a 24 - hour front desk .
the restaurant is a 2 - minute walk away and serves traditional dishes from emilia romagna .
this non - smoking apartment features a seating area , a flat - screen tv and a washing machine .
at gasthof adler you will find a terrace .
extras include a desk and bed linen .
free wi - fi and free private parking are provided .
staff at hotel borromeo ' s reception will be delighted to book trips , tours and transfers for you or simply to provide you with useful information .
perugia is a 40 - minute drive away .
a ticket service and luggage storage are offered at los montes guest house .
holiday inn sigiri is 8 km from the sigiriya lion rock and 10 km from dambulla ’ s bus station and the cave temple .
the property is a 15 - mintue drive to black house museum and a 30 - minute drive to wat rong khun .
each has a flat - screen tv with satellite channels and a mini - bar .
a large seating area with a tv offering cable channels is in all sälens högfjällshotell apartments . each has a bathroom with a shower .
the air - conditioned rooms are soundproofed and comprise a flat - screen tv .
rooms are air conditioned and come with a fridge and lcd tv .
surrounded by bavaria ’ s scenic allgäu alps , this spa hotel in bad hindelang offers an attractive range of wellness services and hearty regional cuisine .
located in concón , just 500 metres from the beach , arena mar apartment offers an outdoor and an indoor pool .
guests can also relax in the country - style bar .
jasmine spa also offers guests relaxing massages in private treatment rooms , which include double and triple massage bed combinations for couples , families and friends .
the attached bathroom has shower facilities and free toiletries .
restaurants , taverns and bars are within a short walk from the property .
offering a barbecue and hot spring bath , the farm guesthouse is located in yur ' yevka .
monfalcone is a 25 - minute drive away .
most rooms have a balcony .
the hotel also offers weekly folklore dinner shows with oriental music and belly dancers .
rooms have free wi - fi , free mineral water , a tv and an en suite bathroom .
complimentary breakfast is offered everyday from 07 : 00 - 10 : 00 . the hot breakfast includes eggs , breakfast meats , and fresh juice .
one tennis court is available on site , and free wireless internet is available in the hotel .
texas state aquarium and downtown corpus christi are both 9 miles away .
the property offers free parking .
orchid royal suites is 1 . 5 km from hyper city and 2 km from cosmos mall .
the property is approximately 13 . 3 km from suria klcc and the famous petronas twin towers . kuala lumpur international airport is located 33 km away .
a private sitting room is available exclusively for guests ’ use , with breakfast served in the adjoining garden room .
nieporęcka apartment boasts views of the city and is 1 . 8 km from warsaw national stadium .
the indianapolis international airport , lucas oil fieldhouse and bankers life fieldhouse are within 25 minutes ’ drive of this hotel .
european cuisine is served in the on - ste restaurant , and you can also start your day with a breakfast in the restaurant .
the edenita villas feature a private terrace with great views over the lanzarote countryside .
in rattendorf , 2 km from the millennium express cable car in the nassfeld ski arena and 100 metres from a ski bus stop , gasthof - appartement reiter offers apartments with modern facilities , including a flat - screen cable tv , a dishwasher and a microwave .
japanese - style pension hoshikawa is a 5 - minute walk from tropical zoo kusatsu tropical wonderland . jr naganohara kusatsuguchi station is a 25 - minute drive away .
taksim metro station is 350 metres from fullhouse boutique residence offering easy access to historical areas of istanbul , including topkapi palace , grand bazaar and blue mosque .
the rooms are fitted with a flat - screen tv . some units have a seating area where you can relax .
you will find a kettle in the room .
featuring a garden with a barbecue , cherry villa is a villa located in paralepa in the läänemaa region .
various activities are available nearby , including swimming on the wide shaded beach , fishing , hiking and diving .
some bathrooms also have a hydromassage shower cabin .
cable tv , free toiletries , and a coffee machine are offered in all rooms at torch lite inn at the beach boardwalk .
a grocery store can be found 100 metres away , while shops and a green market are reachable in 800 metres .
a number of shops , restaurants , and cafés can be found within a 5 - minute walk of the house .
free wi - fi and free parking are provided .
private parking at extra charge is available 150 metres away .
cancun bus station is 500 metres from kukulcan hostel & friends , while cancun government palace is 700 metres away . the nearest airport is cancún international airport , 15 km from kukulcan hostel & friends .
free internet is provided in public areas .
located in paphos , within 300 metres from the beach , margarita 110 offers self - catering accommodation with a garden - view patio .
the guest house has a barbecue and sun terrace , and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant or a drink at the bar .
the nearest airport is orenburg tsentralny airport , 77 km from guest house on sovetskaya 76 .
it houses a restaurant and bar and offers free wi - fi access in its public areas .
the reception works 24 hours a day .
a tv is featured .
located in corvara in badia ’ s centre , osteria la fontana offers ski - to - door access and a terrace .
snowflake chair is 5 km from the westerman by colorado rocky mountain resorts , while quicksilver super6 is 5 km away .
levanto train station is a 15 - minute walk from the bruna .
direct parking access is featured .
lake hawea hotel is 15 km from wanaka town centre .
a bus stop is just next to the hostel .
shower facilities and a hairdryer can be found in the private bathroom .
free wifi is featured throughout the property .
an outdoor poll , free wi - fi and a 24 - hour reception are featured at zhasmin villas .
there is free wi - fi along with a desk .
villa hoviranta is a 2 bedroom villa with 2 saunas , situated in koivikko .
free private parking is available on site .
each one comes with a tv and private bathroom .
this 3 - star superior hotel offers classic accommodation in a historic building , free parking and award - winning cuisine .
posada is 40 km from casa vacanze villa rosetta , while nuoro is 21 km from the property .
the ancient olympia railway station is at 50 metres , while the beach of zacharo is 30 km from the property .
guests can benefit from the hotel ’ s laundry and ironing services .
all units include a seating area . some units feature a terrace and / or balcony .
the property offers free parking .
guests at hostal jardin del sol can inquire about hiking or biking excursions to lake chungará national park or parinacota volcano .
set on the town centre of numancia de la sagra , guests can reach the warner theme park in 40 minutes by car .
the simple rooms with tiled floors come with a tv and bathroom with a hairdryer .
featuring free wifi , wonderful in rome offers accommodation in rome .
all rooms are fitted with cable tv , a minibar and a furnished balcony .
free private parking is available on site .
common facilities at strandly skagen hotel include a garden and a terrace .
the property also offers packed lunches .
a flat screen tv and dvd player , as well as a cd player are offered .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling and hiking .
arabba town centre is 1 km away .
the 5 km long shopping area on kralja aleksandra boulevard starts 150 metres from the oasis .
breakfast is served daily , sweet and savoury options with homemade produce are available upon request .
red river zoo is 5 minutes ' drive from this hotel .
just 400 metres from the beach , the family - run hotel españa offers rooms with free wi - fi in mar del plata .
catamaran port with connection to rijeka is located about 1 km from the total usluge .
towels and bed linen are included .
free wifi is accessible in all areas of the property and on - site parking is available without charge upon reservation .
the house offers free private parking and is 55 minutes ’ drive from girona and its airport .
situated in kotor , this air - conditioned apartment features free wifi .
the hotel provides a business centre and free parking .
klaipėda is 35 km from the property .
located in the centre of pernera , villa sunset 2 features a private swimming pool with sun terrace and offers fully equipped accommodation with sea and pool views .
the nearest airport is gelendzhik airport , 48 km from the property .
in the summer season there are various music events taking place on the hotel ' s terrace .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out cochin shipyard that is 10 . 2 km and wonderla kochi that is 29 . 5 km away .
only 500 metres from the main square , hotel pilancones offers rooms with free wi - fi and cable tv in cajamarca .
enjoying a quiet location on the top of the hill in the au peninsula , landgasthof halbinsel au is surrounded by vineyards and offers panoramic views of the lake zurich and the alps .
the property offers complimentary pickups from the airport or bus station and shuttle services to the city centre .
the private bathroom comes with a bath or shower and a hairdryer .
facilities in each one include an lcd tv with dvd player , as well as both a washing machine and dishwasher .
the nearest airport is pulkovo airport , 24 km from ludwig apartments on korolyova prospekt .
extras include slippers and free toiletries .
the kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher , oven , microwave and kitchenware .
just 30 metres from the black sandy beach of kamari , captain yannis offers self - catering accommodation with a balcony enjoying views of the aegean sea or the mountains .
staff at the 24 - hour reception can assist with luggage storage , laundry and airport shuttle services .
the iconic capitol records building is 1 . 0 km away from hollywood downtown apartment . los angeles international airport is located 19 km away .
drinks are available at the lobby bar , and many restaurants are located within just 2 minutes ’ walk of central budget hotel .
some rooms come with a private bathroom fitted with a shower , while others feature access to a shared bathroom .
at tsomoriri hotel lake view you will find a 24 - hour front desk and a terrace . other facilities offered at the property include tour desk and luggage storage .
boasting simple décor and furnishing , accommodation is provided in shared dormitories or private rooms .
guests at star guest oneroomtel are free to use the communal terrace and the shared kitchen .
all luxurious rooms have a balcony or terrace .
casa grande do bachao is situated on the road that leads to the “ costa da morte “ ( the treacherous coast line of northern galicia ) from santiago de compostela .
each room at hotel my liva is fitted with modern furnishings .
apartments sonata is located in a residential complex in yekaterinburg , with a large interior courtyard and various walking paths .
gimpo international airport can be reached in a 30 - minute drive .
the property offers free parking .
republic square is 3 . 9 km from hotel vem bb on bagratuniats 3 / 2 , while armenian opera and ballet theatre is 5 km away . the nearest airport is zvartnots international airport , 7 km from hotel vem bb on bagratuniats 3 / 2 .
the hotel is 1 hour ’ s drive from pietersburg getaway airport .
schlitterbahn beach waterpark is 3 miles away .
parking is provided on site .
the private bathroom comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
bukovel bus station is 1 . 3 km from altair hotel bukovel , and yaremche train station is 30 km away .
bed linen and towels are provided .
a flat - screen tv , as well as a cd player are provided .
you can enjoy it in the dining room .
located in the centre of ayvalik , ayvalik palas hotel is just a few steps from the sea .
mokrice golf club is 9 . 3 km from the property . ljubljana joze pucnik airport is 35 . 7 km away .
la posada de los raqueros is located on manzanillo ’ s beautiful pacific coast and features fully equipped villas and suites .
bucharest national theater tnb is 1 . 1 km from crazy duck lodge , while ministry of health is 1 . 4 km away .
guests also have access to a lounge , a bar , and a fitness centre .
the apartment is provided with a tv and a cd player .
guests can enjoy views of the giza plateau from the rooftop terrace .
a public swimming pool , restaurants and cafés are within a 5 - minute walk of the hotel .
each air - conditioned room includes a flat - screen tv and a private bathroom with a bath or shower and a hairdryer .
an oven , microwave and dishwasher are provided in the kitchen . there is also a terrace and a garden with children ' s playground .
free wireless internet is available in the public areas .
set on 14 acres , batemans bay manor - bed and breakfast features a swimming pool , a sauna and a spa pool .
the hotel is a 15 - minute drive from louhu railway station and shekou ferry terminal .
tri - valley inn & suites include a microwave and refrigerator .
the property is 1 . 9 km from stone church and 600 metres from mundo a vapor .
rooms at seminarhaus s1516 are modern and brightly furnished . all rooms offer free wifi and a work desk .
the 2 - storey villa margarita features air - conditioned rooms equipped with tv , refrigerator and hairdryer .
three restaurants are found within 1 km of hindås marina .
the apartment comes with a seating area , tiled floors and fully equipped kitchenette with a refrigerator .
the nearest airport is anapa airport , 13 km from the property .
the kitchenette includes a fridge , microwave and coffee maker .
guest rooms feature private balconies or patios .
maria alm ’ s lohningbauer offers rooms with a balcony with mountain views and cable tv .
yekaterinburg train station is within a 10 - minute drive and koltsovo international airport is 19 km away .
free parking is available at the lazy hostel .
laundry services are available for an extra fee .
saigon train station is a 15 - minute drive away , while tan son nhat international airport is a 20 - minute drive away .
rainò villa is recommended by a number of guidebooks .
acquamarina resort is located in front of the sandy new golden beach .
certain rooms feature a seating area where you can relax .
porto alegre ’ s salgado filho international airport is 120 km away , and parking is free .
a train station and a tram stop are directly opposite novum hotel prinz eugen .
air conditioning is available upon request .
the university clinic is just 100 metres from the property , and pamplona planetarium is 150 metres away .
fairmont peace hotel is located right next the bund and is a 5 - minute walk from nanjing road pedestrian street .
there is easy access to the a8 motorway , and foz and ribadeo can be reached in 15 minutes by car .
there is a private bathroom with a shower .
liangjiang international airport is about a 3 - hour drive away .
it is 8 km from shantou railway station .
it offers spa facilities , a russian banya , free access to a hydromassage indoor pool , as well as a sauna .
the lakeshore is just 10 minutes away on foot . salò is a 10 - minute drive away .
guests can shop at granada mall which is a 10 - minute drive away .
other facilities offered include a laundry service .
just 200 metres from lake levico , hotel ambassador is surrounded by the natural beauty of the valley and lagorai mountains .
free private parking is possible on site .
breakfast is served every morning at la gelinotte .
with a garden and a terrace , the villa has a fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher , coffee machine and microwave .
salzburg is a 15 - minute drive from the guest house .
every room at the hotel - pension strolz comes equipped with cable tv and a private bathroom with bath or shower .
the apartments are an ideal base for visiting cologne cathedral , the drachenfels mountain in königswinter , and the deutsches eck monument in koblenz .
triglav national park is 15 km away and the adriatic sea can be reached within 70 km from the property .
offering air - conditioned rooms with free wifi , hostal velarde is located in the centre of talvera de la reina .
while the reception is the ticket office , the restaurant and the bar are the stage and audience areas .
each one has a private bathroom and some have a balcony .
a flat - screen satellite tv and a bathroom with a shower , free toiletries and a hairdryer are provided in each unit .
lake havasu city airport is 12 km from jamaican palms by destination havasu .
it offers self - catering accommodation with rustic décor .
a large heated swimming pool is provided at pension sonnblick , 800 metres from the centre of westendorf .
set 250 metres from the sea , bed & breakfast dietro le mura is a 5 - minute walk from aci castello ’ s norman castle .
guests can prepare meals in the romantik flair ’ s fully - equipped kitchen , with supermarkets , cafés and restaurants found within a 10 - minute walk .
other facilities offered at the property include an ironing service and laundry facilities .
a tv is offered .
camping messilä also arranges ski rental , fishing licenses and free use of a row boat .
guests can also enjoy a hearty breakfast each morning .
the rooms have a flat - screen tv .
strand beach is 10 km from the apartments and cape town international airport is 30 km away .
free private parking is available at the property , and it is 1 . 8 km to bad pyrmont s - bahn train station .
free wifi access is available throughout the property .
the bathroom is fitted with a shower and hairdryer .
the vaulted room comes with a tv and ps3 with 20 games . the bathroom has a walk - in shower and there is a living room with a corner sofa .
organic items are served every morning for breakfast , which includes sweet food and drinks .
free private parking is possible on site .
the kitchen is equipped with electric cooker , refrigerator , cooker hood , 40 l deep freeze , coffee brewer , microwave , washing machine , tumble dryer , dishwasher and vacuum cleaner .
offering a barbecue and views of the garden , guest house at sanatornaya 4a is set in gelendzhik in the krasnodar krai region , 9 km from olymp entertainment park .
some rooms have a balcony and tea / coffee facilities .
towels and bed linen are offered in this apartment .
the bright rooms at the misión express zona rosa feature air conditioning , tv with cable channels and a private bathroom with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
this accommodation offers a big garden .
each is fitted with a cable tv .
feel home apartment k . čapka offers accommodation in karlovy vary and 22 km from kurort oberwiesenthal .
located a 700 metres away from harmani beach in sozopol , sea palace sozopol offers a mini swimming pool and a 24 - hour front desk and free wifi in public areas .
at un jardin sur la dune you will find free parking .
set in rawai beach , apartments @ the title by lofty features a garden , outdoor pool , and year - round outdoor pool . nai harn beach is 1 . 9 km away .
baltic beach hotel & spa is located in the heart of jurmala , just 200 m from the central jomas street and has direct access to a private , sandy beach .
mutiara ’ s air - conditioned rooms are equipped with a private bathroom with a hairdryer and a tv with in - house movies .
located on two floors , the craiasa branului consists of a comfortable living room featuring a fireplace and cable tv , a fully equipped kitchen , 4 double rooms and 2 bathrooms .
these stylish apartments have attractive design .
private garage parking is available and a shuttle service is available to the beach .
the property offers free parking .
a laundry service is offered at hostal restaurante méndez .
each air - conditioned room has a balcony , while some also include a living room .
a 24 - hour reception greets guests of super 8 wendover . a business centre with fax and photocopying services is available .
during summer , meals can be enjoyed on the outdoor terrace .
featuring a balcony , all units have a seating and dining area .
alushta is 38 km from villa elena k , while hurzuf is 22 km from the property .
set 3 . 7 km from tbilisi opera and ballet theatre in tbilisi city , this apartment features free wifi and a terrace .
the holiday homes have a fully equipped kitchen , a living room with sofa and a satellite tv . the private bathroom comes with a shower . some are set on 2 levels .
a tv , a low table and seating cushions are provided .
the accommodation is provided with a dvd player and cable - tv , which broadcasts german and scandinavian channels . there are four bedrooms with one double bed each and one bedroom with two bunk beds .
atlanta southeast red roof inn offers a daily continental breakfast and is motorcycle friendly .
the property is 3 . 9 km from central bank of brazil and 4 . 5 km from mane garrincha stadium .
other facilities offered include a shared lounge , a tour desk and luggage storage .
for guests ’ convenience , the hotel provides babysitting services and free public parking .
tri - city landscape park is 1 , 5 km away from the apartment .
bolzano is a 30 - minute drive away .
it offers an outdoor pool and hot tub and serves a daily continental breakfast .
after a busy day of sightseeing , you can relax in the shared lounge .
located in the heart of the milwaukee city centre , this hotel offers spacious rooms with free wi - fi and large flat - screen tvs .
kaohsiung kaisyuan world exhibition center is just a 5 - minute drive away while kaohsiung city centre is 20 minutes away by car .
on - site shops selling creative clothes and bags are also available .
poggio degli olivi produces and sells top - quality extra - virgin olive oil and cinta senese salami .
this card comprises many free benefits and discounts , including free use of local cable cars , toll roads , and buses .
also on offer are a wide variety of wines from southen moravia .
hostel hikers den features free wifi throughout the property .
guests can enjoy rafting on tara river , a tour of the museums and excursions to kotor bay that can be organised by the owners .
there is a private bathroom with a hot tub and bath .
casa vacanza is located in residence gioiosa mare and offers self - catering accommodation .
trani is 34 km from guesthouse sistemi , while polignano a mare is 44 km from the property .
a well - equipped kitchen means that you can prepare your meal inside .
guests will also enjoy the seasonal outdoor pool .
extras include a desk , bed linen and cleaning products .
the property offers free parking and luggage storage .
guests can enjoy the on - site bar . free private parking is available on site .
empuriabrava is 15 minutes ' drive , while figueres is 20 km away .
free public parking is possible nearby and granada airport is within 11 kilometres .
the accommodation features a large garden and a shared lounge with tv .
free wi - fi access is available .
free wifi is provided throughout the property .
free wi - fi is available in all areas .
the suite features 2 bedrooms and a private bathroom . extras include free toiletries and a hair dryer .
saint geoirs airport is 131 km from the property .
at taghazout apartments you will find a snack bar .
the bathroom comes with a shower and toilet .
guests can also relax on the terrace with free barbecue oven .
skenderberg square is 400 metres from central hotel , while sky tower is 900 metres away . tirana airport is 13 km from the property .
all of the rooms have a private bathroom , heating and a cable tv . they also have free wi - fi , and all rooms have tiled floors .
haus sellin is a 5 - minute walk from the beach and sellin ' s famous pier .
hotel santa cruz is located in cartagena de indias ’ s historic city center .
free on - site private parking is available and there are charging points for electric cars and bicycles .
shuttle services and a car rental are also provided for a surcharge .
a scandinavian breakfast which includes northern specialities is also available .
the etna regional park is 30 km from le case di seba .
at the foot of mount panarotta and 2 km from the centre of levico terme , casa vacanze ca dei logi offers functionally furnished apartments with a washing machine .
dubrovnik airport is at a distance of 21 km and a pick - up can be organised upon request .
reservations for medical treatments at the alžbětiny lázně spa can be made at the guest house .
situated 1 km from dubai mall in dubai , this apartment features an outdoor pool .
the private bathrooms are equipped with shower facilities and free toiletries .
this resort has the exclusive tuanis teen centre where teenage guests will find flat - screen tv , dvd player , video games , computers with free internet and ipod docking stations .
functional rooms have wooden furniture , and come with a fan , a wardrobe and a balcony .
guests have free access to the sun loungers and umbrellas in the pool area .
guests can also use the barbecue facilities .
featuring beamed ceilings and modern decorations , this house has outdoor bbq facilities , equipped kitchen , and an outdoor dining area .
the timbered cottage is equipped with a dining area and a seating area with a satellite flat - screen tv .
wi - fi is free at reception .
guests also have access to the business centre , offering a fax and photocopying machine . parking is provided on the property with surcharge .
the on - site restaurant with a sun terrace serves homemade regional cuisine .
it is 4km to koregaon park and kalyani nagar .
free wifi access is available in public areas .
saint basil ' s cathedral is 1 . 2 km from mini - hotel day and night on kitay - gorod , while gum department store is 1 . 2 km away .
this property features both free wifi and free private parking . a flat - screen tv is provided .
each air - conditioned room includes a work desk , a small refrigerator and a microwave at budget motel 7 alamogordo .
all units feature a seating area .
the kitchen comes with an oven and a microwave . a flat - screen tv is offered .
guests can relax on the terrace or in the bar of the sighisoara hotel binderbubi .
a variety of hiking paths are situated only 50 metres from reetdachhaus , and bicycles can be rented on site .
every room includes a private bathroom fitted with a shower . extras include slippers and free toiletries .
the restaurant serves international cuisine and the garden also provides barbecue facilities .
free wi - fi is available in public areas .
free private parking is available on site .
this holiday home is 76 km from billund airport .
guests can enjoy the on - site bar .
each comes with a kitchenette and a private bathroom .
paignton bus and rail station is only 5 minutes away on foot , and paignton pier can be reached in less than a 5 - minute walk .
the private bathroom comes with a bath .
the volga river embankment and the nizhny novgorod kremlin are within a 10 - minute walk .
you can enjoy mountain view from the room .
all major tourist sites are within walking distance .
added convenience is provided by a personal chauffeur .
you have free wi - fi in public areas and free parking .
complimentary hot and cold drinking water , as well as coffee , is provided .
towels and bed linen are provided at apartment on djavaxishvili .
free private parking is possible on site .
the complex is close to avenida de las playas , which has a large range of restaurants , discos and shops .
a golf course is 900 metres away .
it offers rooms with satellite tv and a private bathroom .
elite boutique hotel is within a 10 - minute drive to sydney market , tuol sleng museum , royal palace and wat phnom temple .
terry hills golf course is 4 miles from the holiday inn .
free parking is provided .
there is also a living room with fireplace , while cleaning products can be found in the bathroom .
the private bathrooms come with hairdryer and free toiletries .
free wifi is available .
rooms at rama hotel feature wooden flooring .
you can enjoy mountain view and garden view from the room .
set in a beautiful almond grove 15 minutes ’ drive from ricote , casas de ainas features an outdoor swimming pool and villas with mountain views .
all units are air conditioned and have a seating and dining area .
free public parking is available on site and local activities include hiking and cycling .
the rooms have a private bathroom fitted with a shower .
the apartment is 14 km from petrovsky stadium .
there is a heated indoor pool , a sauna , a solarium and a recreation room .
featuring free wifi and a sun terrace , appartement villa is a guest house offering accommodation in saint - laurent - du - var , 10 km from the centre of nice and 12 km from antibes .
black rock traditional rooms offers accommodation in the traditional settlement of emporio .
guests have access to a shared bathroom and outdoor furniture .
the riverside shopping centre can be reached within a few stops .
larnaka international airport is 65 km away from the villa .
it consists of a living room with sofa and tv , and a kitchen with dining table and oven with cooking hobs . a washing machine is available .
towels and bed linen are available in this holiday home .
sierra de grazalema nature reserve is 10 km away .
all of the comfortable units at hotel casa sarah feature air conditioning , a safety deposit box , a minibar and cable tv . they include a private bathroom with a shower .
the ernest n morial convention center and louisiana superdome are a 5 - minute drive from this upscale sheraton hotel .
superior rooms feature a spa bath or a hot tub ideal for a deep soak to forget the day ' s stresses .
in winter , guests receive discounts on ski lessons , on public indoor pools , the entrance to the ice caves at the stubai glacier and much more .
some units feature a living room with fireplace or views of the aegean sea or mykonos town .
extras include a desk , bed linen and ironing facilities .
free wi - fi access is available in this homestay .
rooms are fitted with a flat - screen tv .
the warmest beaches of algarve , including tavira island and barril beach are accessible via ferry boat through tavira .
people ' s liberation monument is 300 metres from chongqing mingzuan business hotel , while hongya cave is 400 metres away .
within walking distance of the fritz hotel , guests will find miami beach ' s most popular attractions including the versace mansion , the shopping on collins avenue , and the hottest night spots on washington avenue .
the restaurant serves swabian specialities .
the nearest airport is tolmachevo airport , 35 km from the property .
a balcony or patio with a view is featured .
there are a number of activities to enjoy and for those looking to relax there a number of treatments and a spa and wellness centre .
the spa facilities include a hot tub , an indoor pool , as well as a finnish sauna and a steam bath .
this country house features a traditional restaurant serving regional cuisine .
free private parking is available on site .
each room also has a coffee maching , cable tv and free wi - fi .
this hotel offers a convenience store and provides free wi - fi in every room .
the high position of the location secures good snow conditions all year round .
the wildwood convention center is 1 . 5 miles from the motel . morey ' s piers & beachfront waterpark amusements are 2 miles away .
tarragona is 15 km from uhc mar augusta family complex .
the hotel is only 100 metres from breche square , a 10 - minute walk from niort train station and 1 km from donjon de niort medieval castle .
body and face treatments are available at a surcharge upon reservation .
valadares offers a 24 - hour reception , room service and laundry facilities .
all rooms are equipped with a tv and a seating area .
the property offers free parking .
after an active day , guests can relax in the infrared sauna that is included in every apartment .
it can also be eaten in the room .
featuring a cosy lounge with a wood - burning stove , a 24 - hour hot tub and an organic restaurant , pension & bar side hill is 2 km from hakuba happo ski resort .
it provides private parking . free wifi is featured .
there is also a kitchen and dining area .
offering classically decorated rooms with a 37 - inch lcd satellite tv , a tempur - pedic pillow and a private bath , excel hotel is 100 metres from nakasu - kawabata train station .
this hurricane red roof inn motel offers coffee in the lobby daily and a snack bar .
this property is 1 km away from the rocher - blanc beach , trails and cycle path that run along the river .
a flat - screen tv with cable channels , as well as an ipod docking station are offered .
the property also has a garden .
piazza vecchia is 2 . 9 km from vinko casa , while atleti azzurri d ' italia stadium is 4 . 2 km away .
a wide range of dining options can be found within walking distance .
agricaltural house ghasteynya is a holiday home with a barbecue , situated in drozdava in the minsk region region . the unit is 3 km from minsk .
the private bathroom includes a shower , a hairdryer , slippers and free toiletries .
the millstätter see golf course and the goldeck ski area are both 7 km away .
a flat - screen tv is provided . there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower and shower .
original creations can also be found on the menu .
featuring a seawater pool and whirlpool , they offer tastefully decorated accommodation with free wifi .
the centre of oudenaarde is 10 km from cimbarsaca .
while bonn is a 25 - minute drive away , the city of cologne is 45 km away .
the hostel is located 300 metres from botafogo metro station , 1 . 5 km from sugar loaf hill , and 10 km from maracanã stadium and novo rio bus terminal .
free wifi is available .
each apartment has separate bedrooms , living room with a flat - screen tv and charming views of zugspitze mountain .
located right on pollonia beach of milos , the whitewashed heliotropio studios & apartments consists of 2 buildings and features a shared , rooftop terrace with built - in sofas and panoramic sea views .
the centre of zakopane is 10 minutes ’ walk away .
the fully equipped kitchen includes has a stove , oven , and dishwasher as well as a microwave and refrigerator .
paddington tube station is just 5 minutes ' walk away and offers 10 - minute connections to regent ' s park , home to the zsl london zoo .
rooms at the hampton inn hays - north of i - 70 offer cable tv with free premium channels and pay - per view movie options .
the studios and apartments also comprise a kitchenette .
suwanpupa provides spacious rooms with private balconies and free wi - fi in the entire hotel . it is located a 10 - minute drive from big c shopping centre and offers an outdoor pool and karaoke rooms .
the nearest restaurant can be found 200 metres from penzion modul , as well as the closest grocery shop and café .
a library and laundry service is available .
this spacious unit is spread over 2 floors .
there is also an on - site convenience store .
villa grez will provide you with a flat - screen tv , air conditioning and poolside furniture . the full kitchen includes a microwave and oven .
the nearest ski lifts , harenda and antałówka , are within 1 km , and the city ’ s main railway and shuttle bus station is located within a 12 - minute walk away .
guests can enjoy either a cooked or a continental breakfast at the high peaks .
it features shared kitchen facilities .
featuring restored beds and antique furniture , the four bedrooms can accommodate nine persons .
guests can enjoy a game of tennis in the communal courts , or enjoy the serenity offered by the landscaped gardens of the complex .
the bank of the don river is a 10 - minute walk away .
each room here will provide you with a satellite flat - screen tv and a minibar .
free private parking is available on site .
yaremche is 9 km from visyt , while vorokhta is 25 km from the property .
saint - malo is 26 km away and dinard is only a 25 - minute drive from the accommodation .
hotel vienna is only 200 metres from lambrate metro and train stations , which provide quick connection with milan ' s centre .
all rooms feature a fan and a laptop safe .
offering a restaurant , haus der begegnung is located in gosau , in the dachstein – west ski area , and it is run by a christian organisation .
each 2 - storey apartment is comfortably furnished and air conditioned .
the nearest restaurants and stores are within walking distance from the property .
located just one block from colchagua museum , hotel gomero offers accommodations in santa cruz .
live sporting events are screened on the 7 plasma - screen tvs in the lounge and food can also be served on the heated patio area .
the stylish hotel features a michelin 1 - star restaurant and free shuttle services .
grand place and manneken pis are both within a 5 - minute walking distance from happy guesthouse .
located 8 km from petrovsky stadium and 9 km from church of the savior on spilled blood , apartment on engelsa offers accommodation in saint petersburg . the unit is 9 km from hermitage museum .
within just 150 metres from the de haan ’ s beaches , apartlogies de coqisserie offers modern rooms , apartments and lofts .
select rooms have a private balcony .
bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for cycling .
the scenic kallithea springs can be reached within 5 km .
additional features include free wi - fi access in the public areas and free private parking on site .
several restaurants are within a 3 - minute walk from weingut rebhof sommer .
breakfast is available in the morning .
guests may cook their own meals in the equipped kitchen at their disposal .
each guestroom at the days inn campton boasts cable tv and a work desk .
there is a private bathroom with a hairdryer in each unit .
the rooms are cosy , with earthy colours and knitted wall hangings .
for your comfort , you will find bathrobes and slippers .
the property offers parking at an extra cost .
keizersgracht apartments offers accommodation in the centre of amsterdam .
residency krishna coddle is 1 km from dlf city centre mall and 1 . 8 km from the sushant shopping arcade .
the kitchen is equipped with an electric cooker , a dishwasher and a microwave .
it boasts 360 - degree views of the surrounding jungle , plus on - site bbq facilities and free parking .
one - bedroom apartment on sovetskaya is set in brest , 450 metres from the mukhavets river and 2 . 5 km from brest fortress .
the rooms at sanket inn hotel come fully air conditioned and well equipped with a writing desk and a seating area . they all have private bathroom facilities and a flat - screen tv .
fira , the capital town of santorini , is 3 km away . a bus station lies within 20 metres and athinios port is located within 5 km . santorini airport is at a distance of 1 km .
each has a private bathroom with bath or shower .
hotel bukit asri offers air - conditioned accommodation a 5 - minute drive from diponegoro university .
offering pool views , each air - conditioned room in villa katarina bali provides a safe , electric kettle and towels .
the rooms of baykus include free wi - fi , and a balcony or a patio .
moorea green pearl golf course is 4 km away .
la volta apartments are set in a quiet area , 15 minutes ' walk from a shopping centre with cafés and a supermarket .
the self - catering , air conditioned apartments offer a living area with a kitchenette , a washing machine , and a private bathroom with a hairdryer .
it offers a car wash service and free parking .
a daily breakfast is included .
guests can make use of tea / coffee facilities , hairdryers , and ironing facilities .
nearby there is a restaurant ( 2 , 5 km ) and a shopping area ( 2 , 5 km ).
guests can play chess and poker at the games room , relax at the tea house , or pamper themselves with relaxing foot massages .
lake vouglans is only 15 km away .
free wifi is available in hotel rooms .
certain units have a seating area to relax in after a busy day .
free wi - fi is included .
the kitchen includes a hob , dishwasher and washing machine .
guests have access to a free - use fitness centre , chargeable sauna and spa at the classic 500 .
the vaclav havel prague airport is located 12 km away .
located in jiangxia district , city comfort inn wuhan jiangxia miaoshan is within a 15 - minute walk of tangxun lake .
rooms here will provide you with a cable tv and air conditioning . featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
the nearest airport is vnukovo airport , 23 km from the property .
you can enjoy sea view and city view from all the rooms .
the ocean club bar and grill is open monday through saturday and offers fresh , locally - sourced cuisine for a breakfast buffet , lunch , appetizers and cocktails .
a dining area is also provided in every flat .
private parking is free .
extras include bed linen and a fan .
you can enjoy city view from the room .
the travelodge edmonton international airport – leduc offers airport shuttle service and rooms with kitchenettes , as well as breakfast for guests .
the hotel offers en suite accommodation with free wi - fi and lift access .
you will find a coffee machine in the room . every room is fitted with a private bathroom fitted with a bath and bidet .
towels are available .
free wi - fi is provided at sokhi guest house .
olaya herrera airport can be reached in 15 minutes by cars .
offering lovely views from the balcony , all rooms come with a minibar , fridge and electric kettle .
guests can enjoy a workout in the 24 - hour fitness center .
a business centre is also available as well as a launderette .
free parking is available on - site .
the bathroom has a shower and free toiletries .
you can play tennis nearby , and the area is popular for hiking .
a daily american breakfast is available there .
guests are also welcome to relax in the sauna and solarium at the apartments .
arosa train station and the weisshorn cable car are 1 . 5 km away , and it is 30 km to chur .
all rooms have a private bathroom .
the large rooms at the gästehaus sparenberg provide a comfortable base for cycling and hiking holidays .
excursions can be booked at the tour desk .
monolithos beach is 2 . 5 km away .
the hotel offers an airport shuttle and cozy rooms with tile floors .
they are soundproofed and feature flat - screen tvs with satellite channels and private bathrooms .
the resort offers a free pickup service from the airport , bus station or ferry terminal .
traditional japanese breakfast is also offered .
free wifi is offered .
stars avenue mall is 5 km from the property .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
the rooms and suites are air conditioned and include a flat - screen satellite tv , minibar , and tea / coffee maker .
during summer , guests can explore the hiking paths and mountain bike trails in pyhä - luosto national park .
beginner ski slopes are just 500 metres away and the chalet offers free toboggans .
a mini - refrigerator and coffee maker are also included in each room .
the private bathrooms include a shower and a hairdryer .
set amidst well - tended gardens , villa laona lies within 700 metres from the lively coral bay resort and 800 metres from coralia beach .
the accommodation is provided with a tv , a dvd - player , a terrace and a dining table .
breakfast is also available .
the sheraton tunis hotel also provides a 24 - hour reception with local tourist information .
luggage and non - smoking rooms are also offered .
santavenere ’ s à la carte restaurant specialises in mediterranean cuisine .
the amakhala game reserve hosts an abundance of wild animals and birds .
the modern and air - conditioned rooms at aone hotel include a flat - screen cable tv , a fridge and clothes racks .
one of the bedrooms boasts a fireplace and another has a spa bath and a private balcony .
private bathrooms also come with a shower .
only minutes away from johannesburg city centre , homebase melville offers accommodation with an outdoor pool and bbq facilities in johannesburg .
at la colline verte you will find a tennis court , while other facilities offered at the property include laundry facilities .
featuring a terrace with garden , hotel buigues is located in moraira .
there is a seating area , a dining area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher , an oven and a microwave .
hania ski centre is a 40 - minute drive .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings .
located in the centre of partenen , this traditional family - run hotel offers free access to its tennis courts and the silvretta - partenen golf course , 800 metres away .
during summer , the property ́ s sun & fun club offers several outdoor activities , such as hiking , table tennis and aqua gym .
each has a private bathroom equipped with free toiletries .
this modern open - space house will provide you with a fireplace , a tv and a terrace overlooking the garden .
from here you can easily visit this southern area of andalusia , including nearby huelva and the beautiful city of seville a little further afield .
guests can find restaurants and cafes within 500 metres of apartamentos turísticos in di town .
the beds are draped with a mosquito net .
it offers guestrooms with free wi - fi internet access for up to 6 guests and free onsite parking .
the bar offers a range of drinks and traditional pub food . there is a pool table and darts .
there is a kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
central tower is 200 metres from jawahar lal nehru stadium and 400 metres from the government general hospital .
maastricht - aachen airport is 13 . 1 km away and the property offers free parking .
the aqua breeze is 1 . 5 miles from the santa cruz surfing museum and the lighthouse field state beach .
with river views , the air - conditioned rooms include free wi - fi , a mosquito net and a seating area .
bairro alto , lisbon ’ s main bar area is a 10 - minute drive away .
offer stunning ocean views and an outdoor swimming pool , shorelines 19 offers accommodation in hamilton island .
a buffet breakfast is served every morning .
the ka ’ anapali shores suite # 103 offers pool side towel exchange , free scuba lessons and a sunset hula show on wednesdays .
the nearest airport is al maktoum international airport , 21 km from two bedroom apartment - bahar 1 .
rocamadour and lascaux caves are less than 40 km away and there is free parking on site .
ngurah rai international airport is 5 km away .
university of bologna is 1 . 1 km from casa vacanze bologna , while piazza maggiore is 2 km from the property .
budapest liszt ferenc airport is 15 km away .
you can enjoy tea or coffee accompanied with cake in the afternoon , and soup at night .
cromer railway station is 3 . 2 miles away , while norwich international airport is 20 miles away .
this holiday park is 31 km from varna airport .
cable tv is featured in all rooms at regency inn and suites .
residence duna rossa offers a range of facilities and activities that can be enjoyed free of charge , including tennis courts , beach volleyball court and a grass football pitch . guests can also use an open - air gym located in the garden .
free private parking and a garden are available .
all apartments and studios have a fully equipped kitchen , parquet floors and cable tv .
laundry service is provided .
all rooms have access to shared bathroom facilities .
jerusalem ' s nahalat shiva district has plenty of shops , cafés and bars for both day and night - time entertainment .
ideally located only a 2 - minute stroll from wangfujing pedestrian street shopping area and dengshikou subway station ( line 5 ), nanyuan e jia hotel wangfujing store offers a business centre and accommodation with free wired internet access .
congress hall is 1 . 2 km from hostel nur , while otan korgaushylar monument is 1 . 6 km away .
offering a seasonal outdoor pool and spa centre , guest house pristan solntsa is located in krestovyy . free wifi is featured throughout the property and free private parking is available on site .
furnished with air conditioning , rooms at kapur guesthouse include a flat - screen tv , a sofa seating area and a private balcony .
tolyatti central train station is a 20 - minute drive away , and kurumoch international airport is 60 km from the guest house .
guests can sample african and international à la carte meals , including gourmet milkshakes and hamburgers .
free ski storage is also provided .
a ski storage room can be used at the geigenkamm house as well .
several restaurants are found within a 5 - minute walk .
featuring relaxed colours and wood - veneer walls , the air - conditioned rooms at courtyard by marriott tokyo ginza include a tea maker and a tv . guests can relax in the slippers and bathrobe .
when ready to go out , ask the tour desk for advice .
all rooms have tea / coffee facilities and some have balconies and golf course views .
on the ground floor of the property ' s building , you can find a fitness centre .
celebrity theatre is 1 . 1 km from best inn & suites phoenix downtown .
there is a microwave and fridge and a dining table .
a breakfast consisting of coffee , and a muffin or a pancake is served every morning .
a laundry and ironing service are available , and a shuttle can be arranged upon request .
the nearest airport is istanbul ataturk airport , 24 km from the property .
you can enjoy mountain view .
located in torrevieja , apartment zenia mar 10 is an apartment featuring a seasonal outdoor pool . the apartment is 5 km from torrevieja marina .
offering a terrace and views of the mountain , shakila guest house is located in batu in the east java region , 500 metres from taman wisata tirta nirwana songgoriti .
the robert henri museum , the childhood home of the famous artist , is within one mile of the hotel .
at la meissonniere you will find barbecue facilities and golfing can be enjoyed in the surroundings .
free private parking is available on site .
situated in the town of mcdonough , 30 minutes from atlanta city centre , this hotel offers a variety of free amenities as well as comfortable guestrooms with microwaves and mini - refrigerators .
the kitchenette is fitted with a microwave and a fridge .
all rooms are equipped with a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
edens sea view restaurant serves indian , continental and italian cuisines .
baia mare train station is located 3 km from the property . suior and mogosa ski slopes are reachable within 13 minutes by car .
set in a historic building from the 17th century , edoné offers country - style accommodation on a working farm producing olive oil , jams and vegetables . the property is located a 5 - minute drive from graniti .
towels and bed linen are featured at hearteide .
half board is available on request .
all guest rooms and apartments are serviced and most offer a spa bath .
the vlasska ’ s apartments are located in 4 buildings , sharing the garden and the courtyard .
it includes a flat - screen tv , a balcony and a seating area . there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
private bathrooms also come with a shower .
all of its air - conditioned rooms comes with a refrigerator and a cable tv . en suite bathroom includes a shower and free toiletries .
offering a restaurant , white house guest mirissa is located just 500 metres from the famous whale watching mirissa .
it has a relaxing lounge bar , and a free internet terminal .
barbecue facilities are also available .
all rooms come with a balcony .
offering an outdoor pool , cabañas la colina is located in villa giardino , 500 metres from san pablo beach area .
florres provides bright and elegant rooms .
bicycle rental and free private parking are also possible on site and ouarzazate is 36 km from the b & b .
travel and sightseeing arrangements can be made at the on - site tour desk .
the rural surroundings also provide an excellent opportunity to enjoy activities such as hiking , cycling and jogging .
each room here features heating and a private bathroom .
plaza de cataluña , las ramblas and la barceloneta beach are within 20 minutes ́ walk .
yantai laishan international airport is about 25 minutes ’ drive away .
offering a sun terrace and water sports facilities , beach house is located in mordogan . izmir is 46 km away .
el arenal is 44 km from hotel cala ferrera , while playa de palma is 46 km from the property .
augusta state airport and children ' s discovery museum are a 10 - minute drive from the hotel .
gatsby restaurant and forest restaurant are also at guests ' disposal .
an 31 homestay is located just a 10 - minute drive from qi xin tan scenic area and beach .
wifi is available for a surcharge .
there is a garden and free parking .
built in 2013 , riviera gostevoy dvor is located on the ashe river in krasnodar krai .
the rooms feature air conditioning and minibars .
guests can enjoy sun bathing or reading at the terrace embracing the pool .
dolphinarium is 2 km from hotel buneba , while batumi archeological museum is 2 . 1 km away .
the bathroom comes with a bath .
room guests can prepare meals in the shared kitchen .
its two bedrooms have built - in beds .
bike hire and car hire are available at the property and the area is popular for hiking .
taverns and mini markets are within a 3 - minute walk .
offering a la carte restaurant , hotel perama is located in bandırma . free wi - fi access is available .
most rooms or suites also boast a fireplace . some feature a balcony .
family - run antonia studios enjoy a quiet spot , 2 minutes ’ walk from st . george beach .
guests can relax at the sun terraces and enjoy views over the garden and the cretan sea .
agriturismo fondo gesù is 5 minutes ’ drive from sala bolognese town centre .
bed linen is also provided .
hotel rural en escalante las solanas is set in cantabria ’ s green countryside , just 4 km from berria beach .
free parking is available on site .
apartments mony is 1 . 9 km from onofrio ’ s fountain and 2 km from dubrovnik franciscan monastery .
oracle exclusive resort is located 500 metres from the tombs of the kings road and from the paphos old town .
the style is modern , with new furniture , white walls , and leather headboards .
a kitchenette with barbecue facilities are featured in select units , while all private bathrooms are semi open and equipped with shower facilities .
a ferry port can be reached in 1 . 5 km .
the nearest airport is adler - sochi international airport , 24 km from on vorovskogo kvartira .
the property offers free airport shuttle .
the apartments feature fully equipped kitchens , a dining area , a balcony , a coffee table and a fireplace .
the marble bathroom is private .
there is a private bathroom with a bath in each unit .
jinjiang inn - shenzhen fumin road is surrounded by restaurants and entertainment sites .
jp ressidency pondicherry ’ s rooms are spacious and decorated in neutral colours .
the reserve golf course is 5 . 3 miles away .
rustic - style apartments at la piazzetta come with exposed beam ceilings , a fully equipped kitchen and a satellite tv . the private bathroom includes a shower .
with good food and refurbished rooms , rosslea hall hotel sits in beautiful landscaped gardens overlooking the firth of clyde .
the lively rincón de loix area is 600 metres away .
a dining area with a table is also provided .
the gym is equipped with treadmills , elliptical bicycles and weights .
the rooms at the manafe al - thahabyia hotel have wooden furnishing and traditional decor .
there is a variety of traditional tapas bars in the area , as well as lots of restaurants and shops within a 5 - minute walk .
naha airport is a 40 - minute drive .
the hotel ' s garden , hosting little squirrels , is ideal for relaxation .
just 600 metres from kenkun shrine , guesthouse nagomi offers simple japanese - style accommodation in north kyoto .
super 8 independence provides a coffee maker and a safe in every room . cable tv with hbo and free wi - fi are also offered .
hiking trails start directly at the property , while the wolfgangsee lake is 1 . 5 km away .
the accommodation feature a terrace , flat - screen tv , sofa and a private bathroom with shower .
you can play billiards at the inn .
the apartments feature a balcony , sofa and washing machine .
the maritime museum san francisco is within a 15 - minute walk of the hotel .
you will find a kettle in the room . each room comes with a private bathroom equipped with a bidet . extras include free toiletries and a hairdryer .
located adjacent to the james rainwater center , this hotel offers many modern and free amenities , including a daily hot breakfast , and is close to area attractions , shopping centres and more .
the surrounding countryside is ideal for hiking and cycling , and the hotel offers free bicycle storage .
a tv and cd player are standard in all rooms at hotel concordia .
there is also a shared balcony with hammocks , and a private bathroom with a hot shower .
surrounded by vineyards , la venta de las estrellas offers rural accommodation and is located just 4 km from valdepeñas and 50 minutes ‘ drive from tablas de damiel national park .
sanjeev apartment offers pet - friendly accommodation in pereybere , 2 . 4 km from grand baie and 40 km from flic - en - flac . the property boasts views of the pool is 7 km from trou aux biches .
rooms come with a flat - screen tv . you will find a kettle in the room .
guests are offered a free glass of sparkling wine .
simferopol international airport is 66 km from fedor shalyapin family hotel .
the bathrooms are either private , or shared .
accommodation is provided in private rooms and dormitory rooms , all with access to shared bathroom facilities .
tarragona is 37 km from cubelles sea side , while castelldefels is 27 km from the property .
guests can enjoy local dishes at the restaurants located around the property .
set amidst lush gardens , in bochali area of zakynthos , the family - run lofos strani features a swimming pool , a snack bar and a sun terrace with sun loungers . facilities also include a children ’ s pool and a children ’ s playground .
with the bedroom on a mezzanine , this apartment has a fan and a radio .
thalassa is just 300 metre from sairee beach and 1 km from mae haad pier .
casa do progo is located in the lush landscape of ponte de lima , 9 km from the village centre .
hartsfield jackson atlanta international airport and georgia international convention center are 9 miles away .
the bathroom includes a bath , shower and toilet .
each room offers access to both male - only and female - only bathroom facilities , located on each floor .
morsum train station is just a 2 - minute walk away from the hotel .
guests can enjoy free local calls and free wi - fi .
this ultra - stylish hotel is 12 km from central bogota and walking distance from many metro stops .
other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage . the property offers free parking .
laundry and ironing service is offered for an extra charge .
the nearest airport is portela airport , 6 km from casa do monte .
a children ’ s playground and a spacious garden with plants and flowers are featured .
different saunas and a steam bath can be used free of charge .
santiago international airport is located 87 km away .
the astoria m2 metro station is a 10 - minute walk away .
located in the centre of horn - bad meinberg , it is 5 km from the externsteine rock formation .
the m7 motorway is easily accessible from the guesthouse , just a few minutes away by car .
it offers air - conditioned rooms with a flat - screen tv .
guests can benefit from a fully equipped kitchenette with a coffee maker and a dining area .
the unit is equipped with a kitchenette . a flat - screen tv is offered .
rovinj is 44 km from guesthouse the blue house , while bibione is 48 km away .
surrounded by the sylvanvale vineyard , hotel devon valley offers an outdoor pool and a restaurant serving cape specialities and local wines .
some also have a private balcony or a terrace .
it has beautiful see views , situated on a lovely nature plot and can accommodate up to six persons .
rooms are equipped with a private bathroom equipped with a bath .
for anyone who fancies singing , the well - equipped karaoke rooms are prepared well to fill the needs .
the kitchen is fitted with an oven , a microwave and a toaster , as well as a coffee machine and a kettle .
the next bus station is 800 metres away and the putna waterfall is 7 . 5 km away .
there is a full kitchenette with a refrigerator , cooking rings and toaster .
oz ulutas apart evleri has a restaurant and a café on site serving fast food .
you can also relax on the west - facing terrace with a drink from the bar .
the property is 1 . 4 km from place de la concorde and 1 . 7 km from the tuileries garden .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling and hiking .
all rooms have a private balcony and offer free wi - fi .
located 900 metres from milan fashion district in milan , this apartment features free wifi .
it also has a new sports complex ( swimming pools , fitness ) located at 500 meters . epinay - sur - seine rer c train station is 500 metres away and provides direct access to paris .
the modern apartments include a tv , washing machine , and fully equipped kitchenette along with bbq facilities and an outdoor dining area .
you can engage in various activities , such as horse riding and cycling .
dating back to the 18th century , virginia cottage is located in the heart of harberton .
situated in the quiet and peaceful bois de la chaize district , the 19th century castle is home to a genuinely charming hotel with cosy rooms with personalised decor .
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings , including nordic skiing , horse riding , hiking and cycling .
a fully equipped kitchen as well as a washing machine and tumble dryer are included . the balcony includes an outdoor dining area .
the botanical garden is just 400 metres away , whilst the avis dam reservoir is 4 km away .
each one includes a living room with a dining area and a kitchen complete with a fridge and an oven .
the romana is set on alcossebre ’ s sea - front promenade and is a 5 - minute walk from the resort centre .
the guest house is a 5 - minute walk from the via cola di rienzo shopping street .
guests enjoy fresh fruits and juice , plus regional cakes and breads .
the famous parisian cabarets are located a 10 - minute walk away .
modern accommodation at fraser suites offer a balcony and plenty of natural light .
it is a 10 - minute walk from place de la concorde and the tuileries gardens and a 20 - minute walk from the eiffel tower .
just beyond the boundaries of the hotel lie some excellent sights such as god ' s window , the blyde river canyon and other scenic glories .
offering an outdoor pool and an indoor pool , airport view hotel is located in accra .
guests can enjoy a meal with family and friends in the barbecue area .
the immediate surroundings of the hotel feature the picturesque atmosphere of a typical historic village filled with winding lanes and rustic houses .
take advantage of hotel trasimeno ' s free and small car park .
a flat - screen tv with satellite channels is available .
all guests can enjoy panoramic mountain views from their south - west facing balcony .
it offers a variety of outdoor activities including guided nature trails .
albergue de olinda has practical male and female dormitories for up to 4 people , all equipped with private lockers and fan .
the house is set in delightful gardens in a quiet conservation area on the southern slopes of bath .
it is just opposite tua pek kong temple and offers free wifi .
the kitchenette comes with a dishwasher .
apartments feature satellite tv , a work area and a kitchenette .
camping 3 gs also includes an outdoor pool .
the property has a gym , hot tub and outdoor pool .
strasbourg is just a 30 - minute drive away .
guests can watch cable tv with hbo or listen to the radio in each room .
featuring modern furnishings rooms are equipped with a cable flat - screen tv , heating facilities and a writing table .
wake - up service is available .
thai hua museum is 2 . 8 km from holland resort phuket , while chinpracha house is 3 km from the property .
towels and bed linen are featured at apartment andjela .
with colourful décor and modern furniture , the studio features a double bed and a living - dining area with a sofa bed and tv . the kitchenette includes a washing machine and oven .
it offers en - suite rooms with free wi - fi .
each room is equipped with a flat - screen tv with satellite channels and a dvd player .
the guest house is within walking distance of several restaurants and tapas bars .
free private parking is provided on site .
it offers spacious rooms , unlimited breakfast buffets , and great transport connections .
a number of restaurants serving a range of local and international cuisines can be found within 4 km .
all of the rooms have a private bathroom and some feature an italian shower .
located in costa adeje , island village offers a shared outdoor pool , tennis court , spa and wellness centre .
innsbruck airport is located 28 km away .
the property offers free parking .
a full kitchen and a separate living area with a sofa bed is offered in each room at residence inn detroit / auburn hills .
the yellow bird is located in port antonio , only 250 metres from east harbour and 14 km from boston beach .
the city of durban and its beachfront , just 14 km away , offers a number of restaurants , shops and entertainment .
every room includes a flat - screen tv .
this property offers an indoor swimming pool and can accommodate eleven guests .
the hotel offers the black sea panoramic view .
boasting a contemporary décor , accommodation will provide guests with a tv , air conditioning and a terrace .
each self - catering apartment has wonderful ocean views .
situated in the town of liptovský ján and the thermal paradise liptovsky jan reachable within 1 km , privat mária offers a self - catered accommodation , a garden with barbecue facilities and a terrace .
the chepe train station is 6 km away , while the jípago thermal springs are 15 km away .
featuring a private outdoor pool , barbecue facilities and a small gym , villa bella is located in teguise , 500 metres from the beach .
you can also experience andalusian cuisine in the olontigi ’ s rustic restaurant , el fogón de carmen .
the nearest airport is riga airport , within 10 km .
the restaurant and pizzeria il malibu , located in the hotel , offers a variety of foods .
apartments brioni is set 300 metres from the beach and 1 km from the centre of fažana .
rooms at io e mia sorella bed and breakfast come with a tv , a desk and tiled or marble floors .
as sammak sea food restaurant serves fresh specialties .
surrounded by nature , casa rural llugarón ii features barbecue facilities , furnished terrace and a small garden with a children ’ s playground . situated in miravalles , the country house is 4 km from villaviciosa .
gran canaria airport is 36 km away .
guest house ena is set in split , 900 metres from diocletian ' s palace .
free use of bicycles and car hire are available at the property and the area is popular for golfing and windsurfing .
it takes 15 minutes to drive to belorussky train station , from which you can get to sheremetyevo international airport by aeroexpress .
the bus terminal is 5 km away .
luxembourg city is 30 km from gîte schmalen .
waverley rail station and the airport bus stop are just over 1 mile away .
private bathrooms have a bidet spray and shower facility .
at apartamento luxo centro guests will find barbecue facilities . other facilities like grocery deliveries are offered .
the apartment is air - conditioned and comes with a furnished patio .
this ladson hotel is located off interstate 26 and 20 minutes ' drive from charleston city centre .
the mayo civic center , for events and shows , is 850 m from the hotel .
they are all hypoallergenic and come with parquet floors , air conditioning and free wi - fi .
set in a quiet location in lamm , landhaus legenstein is 12 km away from the centre of sankt andrä and from lake sankt andrä , offering free wifi and apartments with a well - equipped kitchenette .
set within the private grounds of the 17th - century achnagairn estate in kirkhill , achnagairn castle offers free wifi throughout the property . free private parking is available on site .
other facilities at casa empuriabrava include a barbecue .
it features a pool terrace and a 24 - hour front desk .
some rooms have a seating area to relax in after a busy day .
blueway hotel residence offers accommodation in istanbul .
the property offers free parking .
guests can enjoy the on - site bar .
there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
it features an indoor swimming pool .
the apartment overlooks a communal garden .
modern air - conditioned rooms are fitted with a writing desk and a flat - screen tv .
guests have access to a shared kitchen equipped with a microwave .
the guesthouse is just 500 metres from sihanoukville city centre , while sihanoukville international airport is a 30 - minute drive away .
items include a station where guests can make their own waffles .
at the restaurant guests can taste tuscan dishes .
all units include a kitchen equipped with an oven and microwave .
set in baška voda in the split - dalmatia county region , 200 metres from baška voda promenade , house elka features a barbecue and views of the sea .
lake maschsee is 7 km from apartment theodor , while hannover fair is 7 km away .
free wifi is available throughout the property and free private parking is available on site .
beaches on badija island is 4 . 1 km away .
thessaloniki city is at a distance of 25 km .
it offers stylish rooms with free wi - fi and elegant bathroom facilities .
the surrounding countryside of saxony offers the chance for hiking and cycling , and it is 7 km to the bank of the river elbe .
the bathroom offers a standing shower .
apartments at the dickhardt have a balcony or terrace , a flat - screen tv with cable channels , free wifi , a fully equipped kitchenette , and 1 or more bedrooms and bathrooms .
you can drive to the lanzarote golf resort in 5 minutes and lanzarote airport is 9 km away .
kahului airport is located 27 km away .
some units include a terrace and / or balcony .
gazipasa airport is 30 km away .
they also include a seating area and a private balcony overlooking the city .
each room comes with a tv with cable channels .
free wi - fi access is available .
each room at this motel is air conditioned and is equipped with a flat - screen tv . some units include a seating area to relax in after a busy day .
carthage airport is 61 km away .
free wi - fi is available in the property .
free private parking is available on site .
you will find shops , bars , and restaurants , within a 10 - minute walk of the apartment .
there is a fully equipped kitchen with an oven and refrigerator .
laundry services are available .
a fitness centre and a hot tub are available to guests of the pensacola beach club condominiums .
free parking is available at the property .
for dinner it caters a wide range of japanese favourites , from noodle and rice dishes to delicate sashimi fish .
thanos village is made up of 25 studios , apartments and villas , scattered on the hillside and surrounded by lemon and olive groves . all spacious units have balconies with views of the bay .
it comes with a private bathroom . slippers , free toiletries and a hairdryer are provided for extra comfort .
bayview apartments offers superb water views , an outdoor solar heated pool , barbecue facilities and a garden .
dining can be enjoyed in the výpřež restaurant 300 metres way .
guestrooms at the campanile avignon sud - montfavet la cristole are contemporary in style and provide you with a comfortable living space .
holiday homes at altos del este feature fully equipped kitchens , comfortable seating areas and flat - screen tvs . they are also fitted with full bathrooms , air conditioning and balconies .
the olive house restaurant and the woolshed function centre are less than 5 minutes ’ drive away .
offering a shared outdoor pool , a garden , a private terrace and free wi - fi , apartamentos bella altamar apartment is located in alcossebre . playa del moro beach is 600 metres away .
esmeralda praia hotel has spacious rooms with a large balcony , air conditioning , cable tv and minibar .
portsmouth town centre is 12 miles away .
featuring a hairdryer , private bathrooms also come with a bidet and bathrobes .
each has a private bathroom with hairdryer and bathtub .
kassiopi centre is 400m from the complex .
located halfway between chalong circle and phuket town , phaithong sotel resort offers an outdoor pool .
the classic - style apartments come with a kitchen , flat - screen tv and a dvd player .
complete with a refrigerator , the dining area has an electric kettle . private bathroom also comes with a shower .
a wide variety of caribbean and international cuisine is available .
the property offers free private parking .
altidona town centre can be reached in 10 minutes by car .
this resort is 5 km from the supa dam , 10 km from kali river and 20 km from sangam falls . the kavala cave is 70 km . the dandeli bus station is 22 km and the hubli railway station is 72 km .
the nearest airport izmir adnan menderes airport is 28 km from fuar palas hotel .
there is a dining area and a kitchen .
the kitchen is fully equipped and has a pass - through window to the dining area . guests are welcome to cook their meals here .
beaches at port de pollensa and cala sant vincenc are within 10 minutes ’ drive .
some rooms have a balcony overlooking the dolomites .
each room includes an en suite bathroom and access to a shared lounge with a fireplace .
wi - fi is free in public areas .
grand bali beach golf course is within 5 minutes ’ walk of dewi dewi villas , while le mayeur museum and sanur beach are both a 15 - minute walk from the property . ngurah rai international airport is 35 minutes ’ drive away .
the sunnegga funicular is a 5 - minute walk away .
baggies backpackers angel features a communal lounge , a tv room and a fully equipped communal kitchen .
its modern rooms come with personal computers , free wi - fi and bathrooms with a steam sauna .
guests can relax on the terrace , complete with bbq facilities .
the property is 2 km from palais des festivals de cannes and 1 . 4 km from notre dame d ' esperance church .
offering a spa centre and a private beach area , apartments imeritinskiy is located in adler . sochi discovery world aquarium is 8 km away .
this guest house offers rooms with spectacular views of florence and a private bathroom .
the thalmeier serves a big breakfast buffet in the mornings .
offering a barbecue and a private beach area , blue whale nilaveli is set in nilaveli , 12 km from trincomalee .
bellingham ’ s historic fairhaven district is 12 miles away .
these include wine -, fish -, horse -, eco -, religious -, art - and hunting tours .
agrigento is 55 km away .
private parking is free .
the hotel landgut ochsenkopf offers peaceful , cosy , cottage - styled en suite rooms .
free internet access is available on the lobby computers .
the lower floor of the apartment features a living room with a folded sofa , a balcony and a kitchenette with a dining area , a stove and oven and an electric kettle .
some rooms have a separate living area with sofa .
a fitness centre and a computer station in the lobby are also available .
discovery gateway , a hands - on children ' s museum , is 8 miles away .
free wi - fi is available throughout the hotel .
free on - site parking is provided .
a free internet terminal can be found in the lobby .
massages , beauty treatments , and a fitness room are also available .
charles square central prague apartment also includes a fitness centre . guests can enjoy the on - site bar and restaurant .
ihlara valley is 64 . 5 km , urgup is 30 km , goreme is 25 km and nevsehir city centre is 20 km away .
their private bathroom includes a shower .
it offers a softub hot tub , and luxurious rooms with free wi - fi and balcony .
some of the rent a flat apartments even have a balcony with sea views .
guests can use a ski storage room with a ski boot dryer .
the ratusz metro station is 750 metres away from the cozy downtown loft studio , and restaurants , bars and shops are nearby .
surrounded by beautiful landscaped gardens , element on coolum beach features a day spa and heated outdoor pool with sun loungers .
the rooms are air - conditioned room and feature a tv and a fridge .
guests can also enjoy a game of billiard and table tennis , and relax while fishing in the resort pond and horseback riding in the 5 - hectare complex . sauna is offered for a surcharge and bike rental is also available .
situated in agadir , 21 km from supermark ( agadir ), tamraght surf hostel features a barbecue and sun terrace .
taksim square is just over 1 km from the tomtom , and it is a few minutes ’ walk to galatasaray high school .
there is sophisticated dining at the restaurant merlot , which offers a european menu and extensive world wine list .
the wellness area includes a traditional roman bath , steam room , and herbal sauna , as well as a hot tub and indoor swimming pool .
some of the rooms can accommodate 2 adults and 2 children ( under 16 years ).
free wi - fi access is available .
piazza vecchia is 1 . 4 km from the botép , while atleti azzurri d ' italia stadium is 1 . 2 km from the property .
tenement house is located in poznań , within a 6 - minute walk to stary browar shopping , art and business centre .
it provides free private parking .
all air - conditioned rooms feature a tv and a private bathroom .
a tv with cable channels is offered .
holiday home les lauriandes is located at les baux de provence .
there is also a living room with a dining table , sofas and flat - screen tv .
krynica train station is 3 km away and the nearest ski lift , słotwiny , is about 2 km from apartamenty sun & snow stara droga .
prague is 37 km from sportovní areál horní počaply , while teplice is 47 km away .
at hotel amar inn you will find a 24 - hour front desk , a garden and a terrace .
free wi - fi is available in public areas and private parking is available at a location nearby .
complimentary wi - fi access is provided throughout the property .
every room is equipped with a flat - screen tv with cable channels .
guests can reach pinto martins airport with a 12 km drive .
free wifi is provided and free private parking is available on site .
split airport is located 46 km away .
there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
jaz beach is about 3 km away from andrea guest house .
guests can enjoy a breakfast , which is offered daily .
le mandrie di san paolo offers an outdoor infinity pool with panoramic views over the umbrian hills .
free private parking is possible on site .
the rate includes a continental breakfast and free wireless internet access in public areas .
in the mornings , a rich breakfast is served as an open buffet .
the house next to serves a rich turkish breakfast each morning at its café on the ground floor .
providing a tranquil environment , the rooms in reina madre hostel feature either private or shared bathroom facilities .
the accommodation will provide you with a tv , satellite channels , and a cd player . the kitchen is equipped with an electric cooker , a dishwasher and a microwave . two bathrooms include a shower each .
recharge with a game of mini golf or tennis at the shared tennis court .
the ritz hotel features a private car park , bar , and 24 - hour reception .
it features 3 bedrooms , a fully - equipped kitchen and a private garden .
free wi - fi and a breakfast buffet are offered at this hotel , surrounded by the scenic lüneberg heath .
the tan son nhat international airport is a 25 - minute drive away .
křemešník ski area is reachable in 11 km .
free wifi is provided .
the loft bedrooms accessible by only stairs feature a seating area to relax in after a busy day .
each apartment features a kitchenette with a microwave with oven function , stove , coffee machine , electric kettle toaster and fridge .
simferopol train station is 87 km away , while simferopol airport is 102 km away .
the hotel offers a free breakfast and free high - speed internet access .
free private parking is possible on site .
the sea life aquarium is across the street from floreal , blankenberge casino is 1 . 6 km away .
the hotel is just over 2 miles from east kilbride shopping centre and is less than 5 miles from hampden park , scotland ’ s national football stadium .
this historic , 4 - star hotel in wartmannsroth is beside the bayrische rhön nature park .
nestled in tropical gardens , hana lanta resort features comfortable rooms .
there is a games room with billiards and table tennis .
guest rooms include a 32 - inch flat - screen tv and the hotel features an outdoor pool .
the air - conditioned guest rooms feature a private bathroom with bathtub or shower and hairdryer .
pousada do tadeu features a shared kitchen where personal dishes can be prepared .
dam square is 15 minutes by foot .
it consists of 3 bedrooms , a bathroom , living room and kitchen .
il perseo ' s reception and bar are open 24 hours a day .
some units have a balcony .
rooms at pallada hotel feature classic - style décor .
oberstdorf train station is 900 metres away , while the b190 motorway can be reached in 1 . 7 km .
free wifi access is provided .
the nearest airport is batumi international airport , 4 km from madona ' s house .
pulkovo airport is 20 km away .
the kitchen is fitted with a fridge and a stovetop , as well as a kettle .
the nearest airport is split airport , 11 km from apartment alberto 1 .
staff can arrange boat trips around the gulf of trieste .
the nearest airport is dubrovnik airport , 15 km from the property .
the property offers free parking .
the huntsville international airport - carl t . jones field is five miles away .
florida state university is 8 . 9 miles away from this hotel .
the jefferson miami is located in the little havana district in miami , florida . featuring free wifi throughout the property , the jefferson is a 3 minutes ' walk from 8th street .
the small kitchen area has a fridge and hob , and the bathroom comes complete with amenities .
the hotel also features a state - of - the - art fitness centre , complete with a heated outdoor pool and cedar saunas .
centre of zakopane is located 5 km away from willa krzesanica .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with a bath and free toiletries .
the resort also offers bike hire and car hire .
heraklion international airport is 89 km away .
the modern apartment comes with parquet floors and extends over 2 levels . it includes a flat - screen tv and a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher .
the property was renovated in march 2015 .
bbq facilities are available as well .
free public parking spaces are available at a nearby location .
all units include a tv . all units have a kitchen equipped with a toaster and fridge . every unit is fitted with a private bathroom with a bath or shower .
free wifi access is available in this country house .
the largest orthodox church in the world , the temple of saint sava , is approximately 500 metres away .
alternatively , there is a snack bar where you can grab some bites .
alternatively , visit local eateries located a short walking distance from the guesthouse .
offering a beautiful garden with an outdoor swimming pool , lydia is a 4 - bedroom house located in yautepec .
it offers bbq facilities and free wifi in all public areas .
in addition to a fully equipped kitchenette with all the necessary utensils to prepare meals , room service is also available .
meals can be prepared in the modern kitchen . it is equipped with a stove , microwave , dishwasher and coffee / tea making facilities .
to start a day , there is a rich buffet breakfast served .
it is located 8 miles from the kemah boardwalk .
beach net inn is conveniently located within a 5 - minute drive from jomtien beach .
the hotel also features a 24 - hour convenience store and guest laundry facilities .
the sierra nevada ski resort is a 2 - hour drive away .
talavera la real airport is 68 km away .
guests can cook their own meals in the apartment ’ s kitchen .
situated only 80 metres from the beach of the black sea , apartment ivet offers self - catering accommodation located in sozopol . free wifi access is available . the property is 800 metres from the old town of sozopol and 800 metres from the amphitheatre apoloniya .
rooms come with a flat - screen tv . you will find a kettle in the room .
free wifi is available throughout the property . free secured private parking is also available .
access to 2 onsite pools and hot tubs are featured .
in the village there is a swimming pool in a forest setting , complete with a sunbathing meadow and a snack bar . there is also a bowling alley , a private jukebox museum , a glass museum and well - marked hiking trails with beautiful views .
a wide range of therapies and treatments is available .
set in kraków ’ s old town , wawel apartments - old town offers private apartments located in a renovated 19th century townhouse , within a 5 - minute walk from the vibrant kazimierz jewish district with its numerous shops and restaurants and a 10 - minute walk from the main market square .
guests can relax in the out door spa pool , request for a massage , or play billiards .
hotel alexander boasts spacious terraces overlooking the sea , and offers a bike rental service .
guests are welcome to cook their own meals in the kitchen .
the stylish rooms have hard - wood floors and neutral décor .
each room features air conditioning , a flat - screen tv , a minibar and a telephone .
the air - conditioned rooms include an ipod docking station and a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
the restaurant serves western and japanese cuisine , as well as cake at tea time .
each room also has a private bathroom with a shower , a hairdryer and free toiletries .
some rooms have a balcony with city views .
located right on the bank of the danube river in belgrade , apartment dorćol offers self - catering accommodation with free internet access . the property is 1 . 5 km from the shopping street of knez mihailova and from the republic square .
the alpine - style apartments feature a living room with a flat - screen satellite tv , a kitchen with a dining area , and a bathroom .
zen rooms legian troppozone thematic is set inside the spot legian , 1 . 7 km from legian beach and 2 . 7 km from double six beach .
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven in this air - conditioned unit .
casa ilusión is 20 minutes ’ walk from the old town , offering a wide range of lively bars and traditional restaurants serving local cuisine and typical tapas .
a buffet - style breakfast is provided daily , and it consists of sweet pastries and croissants , together with coffee or cappuccino .
tallinn central station is 1 . 1 km away and the lennart meri tallinn airport is 5 . 1 km away .
air conditioned and en suite , rooms at the antico cerro b & b have rustic - style décor , a kitchenette and flat - screen satellite tv .
this house is within 1 , 8 km from the charming historical centre of paraty and praia da ponta beach .
the kitchen comes with a dishwasher , an oven and a microwave and there is a private bathroom with bathrobes and slippers .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
the capitolina ’ s terrace offers wonderful views over the alcázar and the roman bridge .
tangier ibn battouta airport is 31 km away .
a free guest computer with internet access is available in the lobby .
barcelona city centre and barceloneta beach are within a 25 - minute metro ride from the property .
guests can enjoy the on - site bar .
featuring free wifi throughout the property , odesos guest house offers pet - friendly accommodation in obzor .
a terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms .
the kitchen features an oven .
towels and bed linen are offered .
all air - conditioned accommodation at the js alcudi - mar has simple décor with parquet floors .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling , fishing and hiking .
the sport and spa hotel sternsteinhof in bad birnach is situated opposite of the rottal terme thermal baths and pool , which has more than 30 pools and thermal baths , a large spa area , salted water laguna , infrared sauna as well as 105 metre - long thermal creek .
naarismaa holiday home is a holiday home located in tahkuranna , 16 km from pärnu .
cross - country skiing trails are a 2 - minute walk away .
the private rooms at prussia each have a flat - screen tv , a kettle , and an en suite bathroom with shower .
gweta lodge is 6 km from gweta airport .
some villas also have a dishwasher .
this holiday home features a seasonal outdoor pool and free wifi .
shops are 5 . 5 km away and restaurants can be found within 7 . 5 km .
conveniently located in the heart of the city , the hotel is only a 5 - minute drive away from the philippine economic zones and a 30 - minute drive from the business district of cebu city .
set in the heart of les 2 alpes ski resort , this chalet is 300 metres from les diables cable car .
a self - service sweet breakfast is included daily .
breakfast and packed lunches are also available at ellingsens .
the 4 bars offer a range of nightly live music and all show major sporting events on giant screens .
the nearest grocery store is 500 metres from the motel neno .
they also feature a spacious working area with ergonomic chairs and a work desk .
there is also a tour desk at hostal cala ratjada .
free wifi is available .
being a renovated monastery , the rooms are former monks ' cells .
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
all rooms feature a private bathroom and massive wooden furniture . free wifi is available throughout the property .
located a 15 - minute walk from tsentalny rynok metro station in kharkov , mini hotel na kotlova offers free wifi .
the property is 9 km from mymall and free private parking is provided .
a grocery shop and a restaurant are both within a range of just 100 metres from the apartment .
they also have a small seating area with a flat - screen tv .
the americas best value inn mayflower is located within driving distance of the university of wisconsin and the alliant energy center entertainment venue .
rome fiumicino airport is 27 km from the property .
the villa is 1 . 3 km from walking street pattaya .
the rooms at hotel risa come with a balcony and free wi - fi .
offering garden or marina view , each room is fitted with a flat - screen tv with cable channels and a seating area .
located in a modern building , the sierra de gudar rural apartments have central heating and a living - dining room with a tv . the kitchens include a ceramic hob and a microwave .
full buffet breakfast is also included .
a kitchen with a refrigerator , a coffee machine , plates , utensils , glasses , and cups are provided , as well as an adjacent dining area .
at willa eden you will find a garden with barbecue facilities , a playground and a terrace .
in addition , within a 5 - minute walk , guests will find plenty of dining options serving as well as bars and cafés .
hotel tanecnica offers en suite rooms with satellite tv and seating areas .
free wi - fi access and flat - screen tv with a dvd player are included in every room at homewood suites fort wayne .
you can engage in various activities , such as skiing , golfing and horse riding .
it provides free private parking .
within 300 metres from the villa , a variety of shops , restaurants and cafés can be found . alushta ’ s water park is 2 . 8 km away .
each room has a tv .
guests can enjoy massage services in - room or by the pool .
al maha residence is 2 km from tower links golf club , and just 40 minutes ’ drive from dubai .
the sheraton lake como hotel is just a 5 - minute drive from the lago di como exit of the a9 motorway and the swiss border .
boasting a panoramic rooftop restaurant , fortyseven is in the historic centre of rome , 350 metres from the bocca della verità sculpture .
renovated in 2010 , the stylish kolštejn hotel offers the largest array of wellness facilities in northern moravia . the proskil ski resort lies 800 metres away .
enjoy fresh air and sandy beach , or explore one of the attractive golf courses in the area .
a breakfast buffet consisting of homemade cakes , cold cuts and hot drinks is served every morning .
there also is a fireplace .
the property also features a washing machine .
quinta de calvelos produces some of the essential ingredients that are served at the exclusive restaurant on site .
guests can take spanish and tango lessons , and wi - fi is free .
located in protaras , theomeli offers an outdoor pool with a sun terrace and sun beds .
the property is 2 km from vezio castleand a 10 - minute drive from bellano .
there is a seating area and a kitchen complete with an oven , a microwave and a toaster .
the property offers free parking .
the bandaranaike international airport is located 73 km away .
the air - conditioned romantic studios are simply furnished and enjoy mountain views .
there are also 2 bedrooms and a private bathroom with a rain shower .
modern rooms come with free wired internet .
the house opens onto a garden and is surrounded by the county mayo countryside .
a sandy beach can be reached in 800 metres .
dining options are found next door and in the shopping centre .
set at the foot of mount schlern , st konstantin is just outside the town of fiè and 3 km from the alpe di siusi ski slopes .
located in plampinet , histoire de montagne is a 17th century farmhouse which features a terrace with panoramic views of the surrounding mountains .
the open - plan kitchenette is well equipped for self - catering needs .
they can also make use of the communal kitchen to prepare their own meal .
wi - fi access at the hotel is free .
an oven , a toaster and a fridge can be found in the kitchen and there is a private bathroom . a tv and dvd player are offered .
there is a free shuttle serving the ski lifts during the winter season .
a continental breakfast is available .
duck key is a collection of 5 islets connected by venetian - style bridges with direct boat access to the atlantic ocean and the gulf of mexico .
free wi - fi access is available .
plaza de los rios shopping mall is 200 metres from the hotel and niebla beach is 15 km away .
feautirng contemporary décor , each apartment offers a bright seating area with a tv . there is a dining area and the kitchen is equipped with a microwave , oven and a washing machine .
the riad can organise excursions to marrakech , essaouira and the ouzoud waterfall . activities such as camel - riding and horse - riding are also available .
with its convenient location , the hotel offers easy access to the city ' s must - see destinations .
barra de navidad bus station , local restaurants and shops can be found within a 5 - minute walk .
located beside dongchang riverside greenland , shanghai yopark serviced apartment ( summit panorama ) is a self - catering accommodation which is a 20 - minute walk from liujiazui financial area .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling , fishing and hiking .
many bars and restaurants can be found nearby the property .
the hotel is located 600 metres from the beach and a 20 - minute walk from side .
guests stay in colourful , air - conditioned rooms at the jahongir .
dormitories at property are either equipped with a fan or air conditioning .
the agdal hotel provides a 24 - hour reception with a tour desk and free wi - fi access .
alluar lodge features free wifi throughout the property .
bed & breakfast buffaloberry also offers ski storage and a common terrace .
guests can enjoy sunset views from the roof deck and free wi - fi throughout the hotel .
the anne frank house is a 5 - minute walk .
the nearest airport is vnukovo international airport , 23 km from apartment clubapart on studenchenskaya 16 .
it features tennis courts , jacuzzi ®, and 2 pools surrounded by large terraces .
featuring white furnishings and a seating area , modern air - conditioned rooms offer a flat - screen tv and a minibar .
a cable tv , telephone and personal fridge are standard features in all of the turkestan ’ s simply furnished rooms .
the private bathroom comes with a hairdryer and a bidet .
each room is unique with its antique furnishings and tall ceilings .
each unit has a kitchenette , balcony and living area with sofa bed .
all rooms include a flat - screen tv .
apartamentos centro financiero - bernabeu is located in madrid ’ s cuatro caminos district , just 10 minutes ’ walk from real madrid ’ s santiago bernabéu stadium .
the bed and breakfast is 4 . 8 km from saint - rémy - lès - chevreuse .
some units feature a seating area where you can relax .
free private parking is provided .
la casa di ortensia is a 10 - minute drive from the centre of parma . it offers self - catering accommodation featuring free wifi .
the property is 6 km from erfurt main train station and 6 . 5 km from erfurt ’ s exhibition grounds .
it ensures quick access to the bavarian capital .
some rooms have views of plaza catalunya .
all rooms at the hotel adler are comfortably furnished in a traditional , country style and feature a cable tv , radio , sofa and private bathroom .
b & b joan ' s heritage is a 10 - minute drive from the exit taormina of the a18 motorway .
other facilities offered include a shared lounge with library .
the restaurant is decorated with traditional ukrainian art and artefacts .
the hotel has a 24 - hour front desk , boardroom and function facilities and a shared lounge .
all rooms have a tv .
each apartment has a kitchenette and an lcd tv .
en suite bathrooms are equipped with hot - water showers .
a business centre that offers fax and photocopying services is also provided .
rooms at the relais du chateau are colour themed and each has a private bathroom with a bath or a shower .
mount rainier national park is 60 miles southeast of the inn .
free wi - fi and private parking are provided .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
it offers a balcony with garden and mountain views .
the accommodation will provide you with a tv , a terrace and a seating area .
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower and bidet .
the property offers free parking .
düsseldorf exhibition grounds can be reached easily by u - bahn and s - bahn connections from neuss main train station .
austrian and international dishes are served in hotel klausnerhof ’ s restaurant , and snacks are available at the bar in the afternoon .
the property offers a restaurant and a bar , serving traditional dishes of the region .
the traditionally styled guest rooms at budget inn el reno are fitted with a cable tv , a microwave and a refrigerator .
facilities include a washing machine and free parking .
offering a complimentary continental breakfast and uniquely decorated rooms , the egremont village inn is located in south egremont , massachusetts .
a grocery shop can be found in the same building and the closest restaurant is 200 metres away .
burrowing owl estate winery is 15 minutes ’ drive away .
continental and vegetarian options are also available .
the elegant bar and lounge features a summer terrace , and serves a wide range of drinks and snacks .
this homestay is 11 km from pinto martins international airport .
set in zadar centre , 100 metres from the knight ́ s palace and the palace of the governor general and a few minutes ́ walk from the beach , apartment old gold offers a self - catering accommodation unit with free wifi and air conditioning .
dinosaur provincial park is 48 km from tel star motor inn .
there is a seating area , a dining area and a kitchen .
the archette hospital is 2 km away .
galway irish crystal heritage centre is 32 km from apple b & b , while galway greyhound stadium is 40 km away .
towels and bed linen are available in this self - catering accommodation .
the property is surrounded by the large garden with seating areas which invite to relax .
they all come with a tv , a desk and a refrigerator .
the property is 1 . 5 km from praia da rocha beach and the portimão marina .
the distance to the nearest supermarket and café is 3 km .
the three - bedroom apartment is equipped with a tv with cable channels , air conditioning , a seating area and a fully - equipped kitchen which includes a microwave and a refrigerator .
le salon in the lobby and la piscine by the pool both offer refreshments throughout the day .
hotel isabel is directly in front of playamar beach , 700 metres from central torremolinos .
free private parking is available on site .
laundry facilities and meeting rooms are also available .
koroknai porta is located in báránd , and offers free bikes , as well as a shared kitchen , a common room and free darts and table tennis facilities .
specialities of the canton of vaud and international cuisine are served in the restaurant .
the holiday homes offer a private entrance , terrace , seating area , cable tv and sauna . the bathrooms come with a hairdryer .
you can engage in various activities , such as snorkelling , fishing and hiking .
on the hill above , just 100 metres away , there is a small chapel and a panorama café .
extras include bed linen and a fan .
all apartments are air conditioned and each has a 7 m2 balcony .
the apartments includes a fully equipped kitchen .
palmetto offers free wi - fi access and meeting facilities for its guests .
the city of venlo is a 10 - minute drive from the apartment .
located in the medieval city of nozeroy , les remparts is 30 km from pontarlier , 15 km from champagnole and 15 km from frasne train station .
lootsi apartment offers free wi - fi and homely interiors , situated 1 . 4 km from the town hall square and 750 metres from the ferry terminal .
some rooms feature views of the sea or mountain .
ski storage is available on site , and there is an indoor and outdoor swimming pool , gym and spa area within a 3 - minute walk from the sonnenheim .
fresno yosemite international airport is 13 minutes ’ drive from doubletree by hilton fresno convention center .
it offers accommodation with a free internet connection and both cable and satellite tv .
shinonoi hotel route - inn has a launderette , and it also offers dry cleaning services .
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge and laundry facilities .
guests will be within 5 miles of research triangle park . the north carolina museum of art and the william b . umstead state park are 10 miles away .
the styrian mountain golf mariahof golf course is 7 km away .
tivat airport is at a distance of 20 km .
located 400 metres from the beach in budva , villa petranović has air - conditioned apartments with free wi - fi , free private parking and free barbecue .
a delivery service from the bakery is available on request .
all modern and light rooms at la quinta historic area come with air conditioning , a desk and tea / coffee facilities .
tennis and billiards can be enjoyed on site .
you can prepare meals using the apartment ’ s kitchen , which is equipped with hotplates , a dishwasher and an electric kettle .
set 500 metres from lambada club in mtwapa , global african aparthotel features a restaurant , bar and free wifi throughout the property . free private parking is available on site .
happy restaurant serves a hearty buffet breakfast daily plus both chinese and western - style fare , while the bar offers a variety of drinks .
children can enjoy breakfast at a reduced rate .
hamad international airport is 8 km from the property .
set on bahía de sant antoni ' s seafront and next to 2 sandy beaches , tagomago has an outdoor pool and sun terrace .
golfers can enjoy exciting courses along the coast , including north berwick golf club , a 3 - minute drive away ; golf tours can be arranged at the hotel .
the property offers free parking .
royal botanical gardens , peradeniya is 5 km away , while the bandaranaike international airport is 103 km away .
a free airport shuttle is provided and pick up is every half an hour from the shuttle bus terminal at the airport .
all units feature a cable flat - screen tv .
sunset beach lodge & spa offers a restaurant and bar , and guests can enjoy massages and treatments at the spa .
offering accommodation with air conditioning , balcony of saranda is set in sarandë , 29 km from corfu town .
each room has a tv , telephone , trouser press and tea and coffee facilities .
located in the quiet village of grange - over - sands on the edge of the lake district national park , somerset house is just 3 - minute walk from the promenade at morecambe bay .
a bus stop in front of the hotel links to chiusi - chianciano terme train station , a 20 - minute ride away .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with free toiletries .
bbq facilities are available for guest use .
a buffet breakfast is provided every morning in the breakfast room .
the centre of middelburg is less than a 15 - minute drive away .
enjoy the good food in the hotel ’ s restaurant , and make use of the free internet connection via modem in the guest rooms .
you will find a coffee machine in the room .
tours loire valley airport is 21 km away .
porto international airport is 10 km away .
a number of activities are offered in the area , such as skiing and horse riding .
the executive chef welcomes diners in a relaxed environment with a menu of classic favourites .
the self - catering house offers a sun room with patio doors leading to the enclosed gardens , which feature extensive views over the surrounding area .
overlooking the river ruhr in the centre of fröndenberg , this 3 - star hotel offers free wi - fi , a breakfast buffet and a bar . neues hotel am park is located 2 km from unna - fröndenberg golf club .
the property has a private beach area and free use of bicycles is available .
guests can start their day with a hearty breakfast including eggs , crepes , chocolate spread , ham and cheese , jams , cereals , mini savory pies , coffee and juice .
liberty villa hostel is located in brasov ’ s old town , 1 km from the black church .
the reception desk is available 24 - hours a day at super 8 wichita airport .
bike hire is available at this guest house and the area is popular for cycling .
cable tv is included in each room at the baymont inn and suites san marcos .
playa de la concha beach is 3 km from the property , while san sebastian train station is a 7 - minute drive away .
the 24 - hour reception staff offers a limousine service and babysitting .
the coastal town of hastings is 14 . 5 miles away .
featuring bright and colourful décor , all rooms at gasthaus hilligenley include a private bathroom and a tv .
bathroom is shared and is fitted with a shower and a hairdryer .
some apartments have a private terrace or balcony .
there is a kitchen with a dishwasher and an oven .
other facilities at one bedroom apartment - 29 boulevard include a fitness centre and year - round outdoor pool .
this country - style guest house is quietly located in the idyllic area of kelberg , just an hour ’ s drive from the belgian border .
set in a tranquil location 3 minutes ’ drive from acciaroli , villa oasi offers modern apartments and suites .
each guest room at the barreme has a modern decoration and is air conditioned .
private or shared bathrooms are available and include a hairdryer and free toiletries .
you can prepare meals using the apartment ’ s kitchen , which is equipped with a dishwasher , an oven , hotplates and a dining area .
room service is available .
the property offers free parking .
located in the centre of fiss , hotel garni fernblick offers free wi - fi and free underground parking .
a microwave , refrigerator and coffee maker are provided in all rooms at the americas best value inn brownsville .
paveletsky train station with aeroexpress trains to domodedovo airport is 4 km from hostel garmonika .
staff at the tour desk can offer travelling information and arrange car rental .
in 3 acres of beautiful gardens , close to the m5 motorway and exeter ' s city centre and airport , this 19th - century country house offers good - value rooms and free wi - fi and parking .
cyprian ' s guest house offers air - conditioned rooms in calangute . the property is decorated with traditional indian décor and furnishings and has a small exterior garden .
alicante airport can be reached by car in 1 hour .
the villa is 4 minutes ’ drive from the cahuita terminal .
peradeniya royal botanical gardens are 5 km from fairlee guest house .
a buffet breakfast is available daily in the converted stone cellar .
munich central station is 4 . 3 km from the apartments , and there is a bus stop directly in front of the door ( schneemannstrasse ).
for guests travelling by car , free private parking is possible at le clos de la roche .
it has 2 bathrooms and a washing machine is available .
it also includes an outdoor pool .
you will find valet parking at the property .
the seaside resort of forte dei marmi is 35 km from the property .
just 15 metres from the venier vaporetto waterbus stop on murano island , ca ’ mazzega murano grand canal view apartments offers elegant apartments with canal views and a fully equipped kitchenette with dishwasher .
the hotel frederikspark has brightly furnished rooms with flat - screen tvs , work desks , and stylish bathrooms .
featuring a terrace , each unit comes with a satellite tv .
bay view suites are available .
this guest house is located on the foot of the kara dag mountain in koktebel , a 5 - minute walk from the black sea coast .
it includes a variety of fresh fruits , breads and cold meats , as well as a selection of hot and cold drinks .
a hearty buffet breakfast is provided each morning .
zug can be reached in a 10 - minute drive and zurich in a 20 - minute drive .
the apartments are soundproofed , air - conditioned and have free wifi and a flat - screen tv .
in winter , full board is offered comprising a buffet breakfast , a lunch buffet with hot dishes , and dinner with theme evenings .
located in the city centre of syracuse , grande albergo alfeo offers free wi - fi and a restaurant . here you will be within walking distance of ortygia island .
free private parking is available .
massage services are offered on - site .
it provides functional rooms with access to a shared kitchen and tv room .
on a quiet residential street , close to the river in inverness , this 4 - star apartment is just 2 minutes ’ walk from the rail station and the restaurants , bars , and cafes of the city centre .
other facilities offered at the property include a tour desk , luggage storage and a children ' s playground . the property offers free parking .
anyon - in temple is a 15 - minute walk away .
rooms are large and offer different views .
outdoor furniture are also provided .
the on - site western restaurant & bar serves light meals and refreshing beverages for guests to enjoy .
this holiday home is a 5 - minute walk from queenscliff ' s main street and marina which offers a range of shopping and dining options . it is a 50 - minute drive from avalon airport and a 1 - hour and 30 - minute drive from melbourne cbd .
echo lies 4 km from the main town and port of syros with the old mansions .
the metropolitan bus station is 4 km away and ramon villeda international airport is a 20 - minute drive away .
the property also has 2 conference rooms , a fitness centre , sports equipment storage and a games room .
the air - conditioned rooms at the holiday inn express bremen airport include tea / coffee facilities , satellite tv and a private bathroom .
the property offers free parking .
peacefully located in bondenmais , wohlfühl - ferienwohnungen kirchberger is a self - catering accommodation with free wifi access . the property is 1 . 4 km from silberberg - sesselbahn .
some rooms offer extra luxury and feature a hot tub .
a warm continental breakfast is served daily at the bright dining room , where guests can enjoy views of the town centre .
only 2 km outside quarrata town centre , it is near a golf course and horse riding school .
snorkelling and diving spots are in front of the apartments .
crossgates mall is 12 minutes ' drive .
in the evening , it offers turkish cuisine while guests can enjoy watching the hustle and bustle of the hotel lobby from the mezzanine .
rooms include a private bathroom .
the wellness section includes a sauna and a hot tub , both can be used for surcharge .
the elegant rooms come with satellite tv , marble bathrooms and they offer free wifi .
garden koala house is 2 km from zhabei park and 3 km from shanghai railway station . it is 4 km from the bund and 5 km from the famous people ’ s square .
free car and boat parking is provided .
the hotel is within an hour ’ s drive of ciénaga del fuerte state park and the beaches at tecolutla .
apartment argishti offers self - catering accommodation in yerevan , a short walk from the city hall .
all units feature a seating area .
tuapse is 19 km away .
alternatively , sample local and asian specialities from the range of dining options located withina 10 - minute walk from the hotel .
a free large private parking area is available on site .
featuring a garden , a restaurant , and a swimming pool , hotel de france offers free wi - fi and 24 - hour front desk assistance in rio ceballos .
a variety of shops and restaurants can be found in the surrounding area .
located in a quite area of liptovský mikuláš in liptov region , privat janis offers a 2 - bedroom apartment with free wifi and a private garden .
this ibis is just 2 km from the centre of villejuif and villejuif - louis aragon metro station , providing direct access to paris .
szczecin goleniów airport can be reached in a 45 - minute drive .
anna ’ s spa offers a hot tub and a finnish sauna . massages and balneotherapy treatments are available on request .
holiday home bork hytteby ix is located in falen and can accommodate up to four persons .
all air - conditioned studios include a seating area and terrace overlooking the sea . the kitchenette is equipped with a stove and microwave .
the traditional village of ayios nikitas is 6 km from the property .
dohany street synagogue is 1 . 7 km from keleti central apartment , while state opera house is 1 . 8 km away .
they each have a private bathroom with free toiletries and a shower or bath .
the town is famous for health tourism because of the climate and clean and fresh air .
it offers elegant air - conditioned rooms with free wi - fi .
durango & silverton narrow gauge railroad & museum is 42 . 2 km from the apartment .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out pärnu golf club , 3 km away . there is a beach just 1 . 3 km away from the property .
bed linen and towels are provided , as well .
city ’ s main railway station , gdańsk główny , is only 300 metres away .
set on 1 acre overlooking the segond channel , this lodge features a restaurant , massage hut and swimming pool .
beatrix , the on - site neighborhood restaurant , serves unique uniquely inspired cuisine for break , lunch and dinner .
h avenue hotel offers rooms with a computer , a comfortable bathtub and soundproofing , only a 2 - minute walk from yeoksam station . suites come with a rooftop terrace .
mimosa resort is about 3 . 5 km from maenam pier , where speedboats heading to koh phangan and koh tao are available .
there is a shopping delivery service available at an additional cost .
air - conditioned and heated , this house with free wifi also features a room with a hot tub and provides barbecue facilities in the garden .
every morning , a varied breakfast buffet is served in the dining room .
marrakech - menara airport is 8 km away .
bicycles can be hired for free .
featuring an outdoor pool , tennis court and a furnished garden , domenique offers self - catering accommodation with a patio set 1 km from the sandy beaches of budoni .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with towels .
every room at felmis hotel is equipped with air - conditioning and a safe , and they all have a private bathroom with shower .
there is a shopping centre 650 metres from the apartment .
the private bathroom comes with a bath or shower .
the angles is one of the oldest georgian theatres in the country and is a 10 - minute drive away .
dishes are prepared using locally sourced produce .
rafael núñez international airport is 10 km away .
most rooms have a balcony .
ample parking and valet cleaning services are provided on the premises for added guest convenience .
a fish cleaning house is provided .
the rooms are simply - furnished , fitted with a balcony , a cable tv and a private bathroom with a shower and free toiletries .
a private bathroom with a shower is available in the master bedroom .
the property offers free parking .
paphos town is a 15 - minute drive away and paphos international airport is 21 km away .
guests can explore the picturesque montmartre district or go to the moulin rouge , which is 450 metres away .
free parking is available on site , and staff at the 24 - hour reception can provide local area information .
surbiton railway station provides easy access to central london in a 20 - minute train journey .
south beijing railway station can be reached in 24 minutes by car .
it provides free private parking .
a fitness and business centre are offered to guests . a seasonal outdoor pool and a hot tub are also available .
staff at reception can help you with services like bike rental .
parking is also available .
the lively hongdae street is just a 5 - minute walk and sinchon area is a 5 - minute subway ride away .
a generous cooked english breakfast is available .
it offers its guests daily breakfast included with the rate .
free wi - fi is available .
each room has a flat - screen tv . all rooms are equipped with a private bathroom .
a wide variety of restaurants serving regional and international cuisine can be reached in a 2 - minute walk .
nuoma pajuryje – janonio is a 3 room apartment with a basic design .
relax in our small spa area with its sauna , steam bath , hot tub and fitness room , all of which you can use free of charge .
highwood golf and country club is 15 minutes ’ drive away . nanton golf course is 20 minutes ' drive away .
guests at the property can take advantage of a fully equipped shared kitchen .
guests have a choice of 2 restaurants at the teutschhaus hotel , one of which is also open to the public .
the apartment is elegant and composed of a separate bedrooms , a living room , a fully equipped kitchen , and a bathroom .
jokulsarlon glacier lagoon is a 1 . 5 - hour drive from the guest house .
with a private entrance , the room features tea and coffee making facilities . the en suite bathroom is fitted with a shower and a hairdryer .
the hotel marina vista is under 20 minutes ’ walk from the bodrum windmills and bodrum castle is a one - kilometer walk around bodrum bay .
guests can go for shopping at al faisaliah mall which is 2 km away from carawan al fahad hotel .
it offers free biks , free wi - fi and a private parking , plus a private beach with sun loungers and parasols .
the property offers free parking and is 400 metres from san martin avenue and 700 metres from lanin national park .
the property also offers grocery delivery and packed lunches .
the villa offers free private parking on - site
the hotel is within walking distance from asoke mrt subway station and emporium department store .
the local bus stop is 100 metres away , while the main bus station is in zadar , about 40 km from the property .
300 metres from the stop of the free bus to the nassfeld ski area , pension johanna can be found a 10 - minute walk from hermagor .
the mamonal industrial zone is just a 10 - minute drive from the property , while rafael nuñez international airport is a 30 - minute drive away .
the property offers free wifi and free access to on - site parking .
el plumerillo airport is 12 km away .
panticosa ski resort is a 50 - minute drive away , and you can drive to huesca in 1 hour and 10 minutes .
free wi - fi access is available in the hotel rooms .
the hotel consists of 52 nicely decorated rooms equipped with air conditioning , fridge and tv .
the bed and breakfast has a sun terrace and views of the sea , and guests can enjoy a drink at the bar .
at tayal tour & travels you will find a garden .
pick - up services provide only hotel to thong sala pier can be arranged at an extra charge .
24 - hour room service is available upon request .
shorenas guesthouse offers accommodation in borjomi , 16 km from bakuriani .
set on the seafront of fañabe beach on the costa adeje , this villa features a furnished terrace and an shared outdoor swimming pool with far - reaching views of the beach and ocean .
it is also easily accessible by the ring road .
located in the trendy palermo neighbourhood , departamentos alquiler temporario palermo offers self - catering accommodation with free wifi access in buenos aires .
domek przy olczyskiej is located in a 100 - year - old building in a quiet and forested area by the tatra national park in zakopane .
this family - run hotel in ringsheim is surrounded by black forest countryside , just 6 km from the europa park in rust . gasthaus zum hirschen has its own vineyard , orchards and shots distillery .
located on highway 63 , this northern arkansas motel is 5 miles from downtown hardy .
it is located 33 km from perpignan train station and 25 km from perpignan airport .
salwator apartments are 20 minutes ' walk from main market square , the heart of the old town .
a desk and a wardrobe are also included , while shower facilities are available in the en suite bathrooms .
the 4 - star mozart hotel dates back to the early 19th century .
the beauty salon offers a range of treatments and massages .
the private bathroom includes a bathtub .
the hotel rooms come with tiled floors and an ample wardrobe .
the popular fairy stream is 80 metres away .
a microwave and refrigerator are provided , and in - room ironing facilities are offered .
located on siquijor island , the beachfront casa de la playa beach resort features a spa , restaurant and accommodation that overlooks the sea .
the private bathroom includes a hairdryer and free toiletries .
this cranberry township , pennsylvania hotel features an indoor pool .
the city of pamplona is a 1 - hour drive away .
there is also a shared kitchenette , fitted with a microwave and refrigerator .
the private bathroom offers a hairdryer and free toiletries .
the sushi bar is also available .
free private parking is available on site .
the guest house also offers car hire .
seafoods and grills are offered at casuarina beach restaurant and pub , while ruen thai has traditional local delights .
the equipped kitchens are fitted with a stove , oven and refrigerator .
the hotel is 2 . 5km form benitses and 15 km from corfu town .
the kitchen comes with a microwave and a fridge , as well as a coffee machine .
nicosia city is 160 km away .
guests can enjoy the on - site fitness centre and indoor saline pool at the milford holiday inn express .
natali apartment offers pet - friendly accommodation in võru . the unit is 5 km from juba .
as for meals , there are a lot of local restaurants nearby .
guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant .
shirakaba family land is a 15 - minute drive away .
this villa will provide you with a living and a dining room , a fully - equipped kitchen , 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms .
free parking is available .
tegernsee is ideal for water sports , hiking and cycling .
all rooms and apartments offer views of the mountains and have a private bathroom .
other facilities offered include shared lounge , luggage storage and a laundry .
a guide and equipment such as binoculars and telescopes are provided .
each air conditioned room comes with a flat - screen tv , a desk and a safety deposit box .
situated on the outskirts of leicester city centre , the grafton house is just 5 minutes ’ walk from leicester railway station .
at riad dar vima guests will find a terrace . other facilities offered include a tour desk .
you will find a kettle in the room .
the tuscany relax wellness area features a spa tub , sauna , and turkish bath .
fitted with tatami ( woven - straw ) flooring and traditional futon bedding , each room comes with a fridge and a low table .
at holiday home strandgårdsvej denm you will find a terrace with furniture including sun loungers .
the cycling route around lake wörthersee can be accessed within 3 minutes by bicycle .
the en suite bathroom comes with bath and shower facilities , toiletries and a hairdryer .
the residences and gardens of the royal house of savoy are a 7 - minute walk from the il cedro .
free parking is possible nearby .
the property offers 3 holiday homes offering a private pool with hot thermal water next to every holiday home .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
the state capitol complex and the university of charleston are a short drive from the holiday inn express in charleston . the mardi gras casino and resort is 15 minutes ’ drive away .
del lago provides bicycle rentals and free hike - and - bike - trail maps .
jdayde hotel aleppo ’ s room have stone walls and white linens . in - room amenities include satellite tv , slippers and air conditioning .
the beautiful beaches on the basque coast are less than 20 minutes ’ drive from the hotel . bilbao airport is 19 km away .
while the resort does not house a restaurant , guests check out chez carole restaurant just 100 metres down the road .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
kings motel has an on - site shop selling sex products as well as a restaurant and bar .
winchelsea guesthome is located 5 minutes ’ drive from paynes bay beach and 1 . 5 km from the warrens commercial district .
ouranoupoli is 30 km away , while vourvourou is at a distance of 12 km away .
for convenience , it features a washer and tumble dryer and a private bathroom with a hairdryer .
free private parking is possible on site .
the kitchen or kitchenette is equipped with a microwave and refrigerator .
the property is located 2 . 5 km from the new port of the island and the airport , while shuttle services can be provided upon charge .
located in shuhe old town , lijiang , banyan tree offers a relaxing retreat away from the city .
guests can make use of la torre ’ s 18 - hole golf course , as well as the other tennis courts and the other 5 jack nicklaus courses in the area .
barbecue facilities and grocery deliveries are also offered .
the nearest airport is changi airport , 14 km from the property .
there is a well - equipped kitchen for the preparation of meals .
free wifi is available and an airport shuttle can be arranged upon request .
the rooms and suites of balgarka complex are all equipped with a refrigerator , cable tv and have a balcony and a bathroom with free toiletries and a hairdryer .
balneari termes victòria has a games room , a children ’ s playground and a selection of books .
the rooms and suites of the altenburger hof feature harmonious décor and functional desks with modern communications technology .
china national convention grand hotel is a 35 - minute drive from tian ' anmen square and the railway station .
grecinieku street apartment offers accommodation in rīga . the property features views of the city and is 400 metres from riga dome cathedral .
breakfast is served daily and packed lunches can be arranged .
every room has a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
canto delle sirene vacanze is located in the centre of marsala , 800 metres from the beach .
bed linen is provided .
with air conditioning , each unit is equipped with a fireplace and flat - screen tv . the private bathroom comes with a shower , bidet and hairdryer .
it offers a home away from home with elegant accommodation .
guests will also find a fully equipped kitchen , tea / coffee making facilities , microwave , electric oven and refrigerator .
alcudia is 1 . 4 km from ca na botigueta , while playa de palma is 49 km from the property .
the hotel has easy access to public transport .
located in the centre of lourdes , this 3 - star hotel was built at the beginning of the 20th century .
there is a fully - equipped kitchen with a dining area . featuring a shower , the bathroom also comes with a hairdryer .
your room at villa adriatic bed and breakfast comes with a flat - screen tv , a minibar , and a private bathroom with hairdryer .
dalaman airport is 45 km away .
the bedrooms have warm colours and a rustic design .
there is a full a kitchenette with a microwave and an oven .
villa corso italia offers accommodation in cortina d ’ ampezzo , 400 metres from ski lift col druscie . the apartment is 500 metres from ski lift faloria .
the guest house also offers car hire .
king airport is 4 . 4 km away .
terreiro do paço with its riverside cafes and summer terraces is within 15 minutes ’ walking .
eden gardens state park is 8 . 3 km away .
guests can order room service and request for laundry services .
free wi - fi access is available . a mini fridge is offered in each room .
ellerstraße underground stop lies only 350 metres away and offers swift connections to the city centre , düsseldorf old town and the main station .
the shared bathrooms are in the hallway .
free wi - fi access is available .
the apartment is furnished in modern alpine style and consists of a living room with a sofa bed , a double bedroom , a kitchen with a dishwasher and a bathroom with a shower and a spa bath , ideal for relaxation after a long day full of activities .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a bath and a bidet .
a microwave , fridge , and coffee - making facilities are provided in the contemporary , warmly decorated rooms at holiday inn express breaux bridge .
the hostel pilgrim & hotel 3star is located 200 metres from the bertramka villa with the mozart museum .
with free wi - fi , the rooms are air - conditioned and feature warm lighting . they are fitted with a tv , minibar and private bathroom with a hot shower and hairdryer .
featuring free wifi throughout the property , hotel oktyabrskaya offers pet - friendly accommodation in ryzhkovskaya .
the village of vignacastrisi di ortelle is 700 metres away .
unternigglerhof is a typical farmhouse with animals like cows , calves , cats and rabbits .
b & b villa marysa is located 200 metres from the sandy beach in giardini naxos .
bathroom facilities are shared .
entertainment is provided most evenings in high season in the bar .
private parking spaces are available on site free of charge .
les tilleuls sits in the heart of hasparren , 20 minutes from the basque coast .
the kitchen has an oven and a microwave . a flat - screen tv is available .
castel sant ’ angelo is a 15 - minute walk away .
restaurants , bars and shopping are within walking distance of falkinn guesthouse .
activities in the surrounding area include table tennis and squash .
meeting and banquet facilities are provided .
the studio offers free wi - fi access and is serviced by a lift .
every room at the hotel seneca comes with cable tv and a minibar . each unit also comprises a private bathroom with a shower .
guests can relax in a garden or on a terrace and make use of a kitchen for shared use .
the middletown / newport holiday inn express has a modern fitness center and a well - equipped business center .
offering a tennis court and summer swimming pool , residence pian dei boschi is set in pietra ligure .
the nearest bus station is only 200 metres from the hotel .
overlooking the garden , rooms at the casa nicolaus b & b include a fridge and a private bathroom .
there is good disabled access , with a lift from the car park to rooms .
fitted with modern furnishings and soft colours , the spacious villa includes 4 separate bedrooms , a living and a dining area , an office , a playroom , two modern kitchens and 5 bathrooms .
central tønsberg is 7 km away .
free wifi access is available .
surrounded by the owner ’ s vineyards , surrau turismo rurale is located in the north of sardinia , 5 km from arzachena centre .
at hotel terme di san vittore you will find a garden and a snack bar .
2moroz service apartment is a self - catering accommodation located in kozhikode .
all units have a tv . there is also a dining area and a kitchen fitted with an oven , a microwave , and a toaster .
a table tennis can be enjoyed at no surcharge and hiking and skiing is possible in the surroundings .
staff provide lots of helpful tourist information and an attentive service , making you feel at home .
the hotel offers a public bath , a restaurant and free wi - fi access .
the restaurant offers regional dishes from veneto and classic italian specialities .
it features self - catering accommodation with a balcony overlooking the pool .
guest rooms at chicago marriott northwest have cable tv including hbo and espn .
lively phuket centre is located just 14 km from patong green mountain hotel .
podgorica airport is 40 km from the property .
guests at best western garner are offered a business center and laundry facilities .
nestled in golden , british columbia , this rustic bed and breakfast is 16 km from kicking horse canyon .
the hotel serves a range of cuisines including chinese and italian .
opening to a balcony or terrace , accommodation at the dolphin is self - catered and includes a private bathroom .
the white cottage is approximately a 15 - minute drive from big buddha and samui airport .
starlight haadrin resort is a 30 - minute drive from thong sala pier .
set in a tudor - style house , elizabeth ’ s manor is located in the central business district of potchefstroom .
buffet breakfast includes typical products .
all linens and towels are provided and the nearest food shop is just 100 metres away .
guests can enjoy international cuisine in the restaurant on site .
room service is also available .
each has heating , parquet floors and a wardrobe .
this house has 2 floors .
children can enjoy outdoor activities throughout the day organized by a group of professionals .
cable tv and a balcony with mountain views are featured in all accommodation units . the kitchenette comes with a fridge and a microwave .
situated in zakopane , this apartment is 700 metres from szymoszkowa ski lift . the unit is 2 . 4 km from gubalowka mountain , and guests benefit from free wifi and private parking available on site .
b & b caribe centro - via tendenza features free wifi .
the kitchen is fitted with a dishwasher . a tv with satellite channels and dvd player is available . there is a private bathroom with a shower .
offering a sun terrace overlooking the garden and sea , this guest house is set in helsingør in the sjælland island region . a private beach area and in - house bar offer leisure to guests .
for dining , there are a lot of eateries in the surrounding area .
some have free wi - fi and a jacuzzi .
the property features whale watching and an outdoor pool .
free wi - fi is available .
located in central ao nang , irest ao nang seafront is surrounded by the andaman sea and beautiful mountains .
boasting a casino , golf course , and on - site spa , this french link , indiana resort is 2 km from tours of the west baden springs . free wi - fi access is available .
located in the picturesque village of dovje , apartments triglav offers self - catering accommodation with views to julian alps and triglav mountain . free wifi access is provided .
shops and restaurants can be found along edgware road and paddington station , which is a 15 - minute walk away .
activities in the surrounding area include snorkeling , sailing , golfing and tennis .
other activities include nature walks and fishing .
a supermarket , restaurants , and cafés are all within 200 metres of the premises .
offering a restaurant , hfb hnong ka is located in pran buri .
hong kong international airport is a 45 - minute drive away .
chalet esquilo offers ski storage and barbecue facilities .
tucson international airport is 25 miles away .
free wi - fi is available in common areas .
protea hotel upington is situated in on the banks of the orange river in upington .
it offers massage services , tour arrangements , and free wi - fi .
free private parking is offered at the guest house .
shuttles to the ski lift are provided on request and at a surcharge .
sheffield ’ s motorpoint arena , don valley stadium , english institute of sport , crucible and the city hall are a 10 - minute drive away .
there are table tennis facilities and a bicycle rental on site .
for your comfort , you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer .
with several cats residing here , smile 58 b & b is an idyllic seclusion located in puli .
there is also a kitchen , fitted with an oven . a microwave , a fridge and stovetop are also provided , as well as a kettle .
portocolom town centre is 2 km from the property , and vall d ’ or golf club is 12 minutes ’ drive away .
guests are welcome to use the well - equipped kitchen to prepare meals and there is a wide range of restaurants , cafés and bars within a 10 - minute walk from the apartment .
situated atop a shopping centre , the luxurious cilento mooloolaba is less than a 5 - minute walk from the beach esplanade .
ruprecht provides a ski storage room with a ski boot dryer , and toboggans are provided free of charge .
all rooms have an en suite bathroom with a shower and complimentary toiletries .
it offers functional rooms with simple furnishings .
the danube riverbank is 600 metres away and the tram no . 18 stops 30 metres from the building .
historic santa fe plaza is less than 1 mile away .
the nearest airport is kazan international airport , 25 km from the property .
3 - star hotel ikar is located within a 10 - minute walk from poznan old town and only 20 minutes from stary browar shopping centre .
some rooms also have a balcony or terrace .
a flat - screen tv is provided in the living room and the kitchenette is fitted with a microwave , hotplates and a coffee maker .
at garden place you will find a garden and a terrace . an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including golfing .
offering free wifi and a garden , sanya chenfeng sea view hotel apartment is situated in sanya , 5 km from duty free shop .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out riocentro convention center ( 21 . 6 km ) and copacabana beach ( 8 . 6 km ).
free - use bicycles are offered .
the merrillville holiday inn express offers newspapers from the front desk .
rooms at manna beach villa are air conditioned and are fitted with a minibar , a balcony with seating and en suite bathroom with shower and bathtub .
other facilities offered at the property include daily maid service .
klong dao beach is 9 . 9 km away , while saladan pier is 13 km from lanta halabala resort .
a sweet italian breakfast is served buffet style .
the guest cottage at casa azul offers a full kitchen and dining area . a separate seating area with a satellite tv and a sofa are also featured .
at la presidenta you will find a 24 - hour front desk .
located in rožmitál pod třemšínem , 39 km from plzeň , penzion panský dům offers free wi - fi in public areas and free on - site parking .
guests can explore the surrounding countryside on 2 wheels with the hotel ’ s bicycle rental facilities .
all rooms have a private bathroom with shower and a seating area .
santiago de campostela train station is 1 km from the guest house .
a breakfast buffet including waffles , pancakes , oatmeal , and sandwiches is served each morning .
made of local stone and wood , the 19th - century katsaneiko is centrally located in afytos of chalkidiki and features a private pool surrounded by a furnished sun terrace .
church of the savior on spilled blood is 6 km from hostel salova 29 , while saint isaac ' s cathedral is 6 km away .
a wide selection of restaurants and pubs are located on kensington high street , as well as bus stops with services into central london .
hitzacker train station is about 1 . 5 km from the zur linde hotel .
there is a seating area and a kitchen .
poznan lawica airport is 7 km from the property .
an all - you - can - eat buffet breakfast is available each morning and includes scrambled , fried , poached or boiled eggs , and pork or vegetarian sausages . there is also a wide continental selection .
located off i - 81 , this carlisle hotel offers rooms with free wi - fi , flat - screen tv and mp3 connection .
25 de mayo square is 7 blocks away .
at bed and breakfast one castle street you will find a garden . other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge and a shared dining area .
the bathrooms come with a bath or a shower , as well as a hairdryer .
the property is surrounded by a garden with seating facilities for guests to relax in .
ibiza airport is at a 30 - minute driving distance from the property .
the property offers free parking .
located 200 metres from sky tower in auckland , this air - conditioned apartment features a balcony . the apartment is 500 metres from viaduct harbour .
located 5 km from khao kradong public park , thada chateau hotel features comfortable accommodation with air conditioning .
the cool spot restaurant and the dog house sports bar at the corner hotel are available for the guests at the corner hotel .
all villas include a terrace , lcd tv , and a refrigerator .
this stylish , modern apartment has a spacious lounge with a flat - screen tv and dvd player .
free wifi is available in all areas .
there is a seating area , a dining area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher and an oven .
situated in the heart of asturias , the hotel ' s location is ideal for those who enjoy the great outdoors or those who just want to get away from it all .
an airport transfer , bicycle tours and sightseeing tours can be arranged .
during french school holidays , july and august , entertainment is organised on site and there is a children ' s club .
you can find supermarkets and shops in the immediate vicinity .
guests can swim in the olympic - sized pool or enjoy snorkelling in the sea .
free private parking is available on site .
opened in april 2014 , roombach hotel budapest center is located in budapest and offers a 24 - hour front desk , a lounge with a snack bar , and en - suite rooms with free air conditioning and a flat - screen smart tv .
some rooms feature a balcony .
the apartment features a living room with a flat - screen tv , 3 bedrooms , a washing machine and a bathroom .
guests will also appreciate flat - screen tvs , free wireless internet access and aveda bath products .
bvv trade fairs brno can be reached in a 15 - minute walk .
park boutique b & b is located next to the obrechtstraat tram stop , which offers direct links to dam square and amsterdam central station .
parking is available for free .
complete with a microwave , the rooms are equipped with a refrigerator .
the air - conditioned rooms enjoy mountain and great wall views from large windows .
uruguaya square is 300 metres away .
exchange , fax , taxi or laundry services are provided at the 24 - hour reception .
maple oak holiday home is a self - catering accommodation located in wayanad . it is 9 km from pookode lake and 11 km from chembra peak .
offering a barbecue and sun terrace , aspet is situated in tatʼev .
alfama features several fado houses , where guests can watch a concert while enjoying portuguese tapas and wine .
avra studios and apartments are simply furnished and air conditioned each with a private balcony .
room service offers indian cuisine .
the fair in rho - pero is a 15 - minute drive away .
a selection of mediterranean - inspired dishes are also served here in the rustic - style restaurant or on the spacious terrace .
colombo international airport is located 90 km from the property .
on some occasions during the low season , it is served at a local café .
you can receive discounted green fees at the acquabona golf club , just a few km away .
the bathrooms have a hydromassage bath and a shower .
the lively seaside resort of platanias is only 2 km away from meliades , while the picturesque town of chania with its venetian port is at at 13 km .
the hotel is a 1 - minute walk from the renovated 1920s cinema , le grand ecran .
guests can enjoy signature cocktails in connich bar and 24 - hour room service is also available .
it has a spacious garden with indoor and outdoor pools and a sun terrace .
noi bai international airport is a 45 - minute drive away .
an outdoor pool is on site at the best western montis inn and after a refreshing swim guests can access the hotel ’ s business centre .
the expourense exhibition centre is just 7 km from the hotel .
il giardino di zefiro is a 10 - minute drive from gioiosa marea centre , while capo d ' orlando is 26 km away .
the nearest airport is sofia airport , 50 km from ski - in ski - out borovets .
an oven , a toaster and a fridge can be found in the kitchen . a flat - screen tv with cable channels is featured .
guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant and outdoor pool .
the private bathroom has a shower and hairdryer .
the property offers free parking .
some have a wooden beamed ceiling or access to a terrace .
this gorgeous villa features 4 bedrooms , each with its own private bathroom . it is equipped with a professional - style kitchen , a seating area and a private patio with loungers .
the hotel also provides scheduled shuttle services to tsim sha tsui , at an extra charge .
al massira airport is located 37 km away .
the apartments offer air conditioning , satellite tv and seating area .
oscar mini hotel is located in simferopol , 2 km from gagarina park .
sabiha gokcen airport is 110 km away .
on request , guests at villa olivia can enjoy an italian or american breakfast , including a typical genoan focaccia .
on - site parking is free of charge , and the a5 motorway is 10 minutes from here .
each room at this guest house is air conditioned and has a flat - screen tv .
rooms here will provide you with a flat - screen tv , air conditioning and satellite channels .
the amsterdam hotel offers a selection of large , newly decorated rooms to suit all budgets .
pisa galileo galilei airport is 52 km away .
room service is provided .
offering on - site parking , paso resort cha - am is located 15 km away from santorini park and mrigadayavan palace .
it features 2 restaurants and a pool bar surrounded by 2 infinity pools .
there are also 2 bathrooms , both equipped with a shower cabin .
private on - site parking is free of charge from november 1st until april 1st .
each room comes with a minibar .
featuring oversized glass panels that let much natural light in , the coffee shop offers breakfast daily .
thermal springs of taslidere are 40 km from the hotel . there are many cafés and restaurant within walking distance .
the hotel has a children ' s playground and sun terrace , and guests can enjoy a drink at the bar .
the four - bedroom apartment is provided with a seating area , cable - tv , video player , dvd player and hi - fi system / cd player .
sea views and cool breezes accompany seafood specialities at first restaurant .
some units include a seating area and / or terrace .
each unit comes with a furnished terrace and satellite tv .
the lake is an excellent place for swimming and walking .
a fitness centre is available at the catlettsburg ramada hotel .
a flat - screen tv is provided .
this family - run bed and breakfast is situated in the centre of wervershoof , just over 20 minutes ’ drive from hoorn .
free parking is available right outside the hotel .
featuring a heated outdoor pool , gohostel is located in pirenópolis .
fitted with stone walls , each comes with a kitchen , with oven and hobs . a microwave is also provided , as well as a coffee machine and a kettle .
the monte nock ski area is 15 km from casa da lucia , while cles is 20 minutes ’ drive away . fondo is 6 km from the apartments .
it is a short drive from nearby beaches and a 20 - minute drive from the more lively chaweng beach .
water sports are possible in the aguieira dam area , about 25 km from the unit .
maison la belle ’ s rooms have a fan and provide you with tv with cable channels .
the city gate is located in the centre of exeter with a traditional pub , dining room and garden surrounded by the historic city wall .
naples international airport is 44 km from the property .
the distance to anapa city centre is 5 km .
this holiday home is 54 km from pangborn memorial airport .
peterhof is 24 km from apartment na dunaiskom .
featuring a private terrace with sun loungers , casa gusber is located 3 km from el paso .
enjoy use of an outdoor swimming pool and peaceful , rural gardens .
room service is available .
an oven and a microwave can be found in the kitchen .
there is also a tv lounge .
rooms come with a tv and minibar , while the modern bathrooms include a hairdryer .
a buffet - style breakfast is prepared every morning in the dining area .
we have something special for every member of the family here .
the sailport apartments are located just 100 metres from mooloolaba ' s surf club and safe patrolled beach .
additional amenities include a seating area with a sofa , a cable flat - screen tv with a dvd player , and two bathrooms .
air conditioning and a balcony with an outdoor dining area are also included .
the spacious apartment comes with wooden ceilings and floors , a fully equipped kitchenette with a dishwasher , a combined living and dining area and a bathroom with a shower .
the property is 1 . 1 km from botafogo metro station and 3 km from copacabana beach .
the property offers free parking .
the property offers a tour desk , where guests can arrange tours throughout the region .
featuring air conditioning , elia sun villas is set in elia beach , 6 km from mýkonos city .
offering a restaurant , sherwood cottage is located just 1 . 4 km from the scenic nuwara eliya golf club and royal colombo golf club .
a refrigerator , a microwave and coffee - making facilities are provided . each air - conditioned room features a balcony .
horse riding stables can be found 3 km away .
set in seoul , 9 km from mario outlet , suga house boasts a children ' s playground and views of the mountain .
some of the suites feature a spa bath .
with plenty of leisure activities and a beautiful setting amidst the pine forest , this friendly , family - run hotel offers fun and relaxation , just 5 minutes ’ walk from hisarönü ’ s centre .
bathrooms are fitted with slippers and bathrobes .
many restaurants and shops can be found within a short walk from the premises .
featuring free wifi and private parking , apartments on lenina 298b is set in adler , within a 4 - minute walk of pansionat yuzhny bus stop .
offering a free outdoor pool and a restaurant , the 4 - star art hotel santorini is located in pyrgos .
a 24 - hour front desk welcomes guests to travelers inn . the property offers free parking .
guests can enjoy a rich buffet breakfast every morning .
guests can enjoy breakfast every morning at hôtel restaurant du pont vieux .
you will find a kettle in the room .
this hotel is set in a pine forest by the river , in the village of chyornaya gryaz .
the resort ’ s bus station is 200 metres from the premises .
a restaurant can be found 300 metres away and a supermarket is 2 km from the property .
offering panoramic views of the zillertal alps and lots of facilities for children an babies , ferien - vitalhof brixnerhof in schlitters is 3 km from the spieljoch - hochfügen - hochzillteral ski area and 10 km from the hochzillertal - hochfügen ski area .
located in the heart of central mobile , this hotel features a daily continental breakfast with varying daily menu options and free wi - fi . guests will also be 2 miles from uss battleship alabama memorial park .
there is free wi - fi , a safe and a flat - screen tv . the slate - tiled bathroom includes free toiletries .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer .
guests can have breakfast in their rooms and also enjoy drinks sitting at the bar .
each apartment comes with a living room with a flat - screen tv and free wi - fi .
wi - fi access is free throughout .
marmaris thursday market is 1 km from med sea gulet .
at the villaggio siesta you can purchase massage treatments and sessions in the hot tub .
there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
located only 100 metres from paraíso metro station , in são paulo , consulado plaza hotel offers free wifi access .
public parking is possible for free nearby the property .
located in kota kinabalu , dorcas service apartment ( marina court ) offers an outdoor swimming pool and a fitness centre .
free private parking is available at the hotel neustadt .
it offers self - catering accommodation with a furnished terrace , air conditioning and free wi - fi .
facilities
continental breakfast is available for a surcharge .
just 8 minutes ’ drive from brisbane international airport , this motel offers free wi - fi , a bar , restaurant and a pool .
novo rio bus station is 22 km from west village , and galeão international airport is 28 km away .
you will find a kettle in the room .
resort de coraco is within a 5 - minute drive from the calangute and baga beaches .
the nearest airport is schiphol airport , 6 km from the property .
guests can prepare their meals in the kitchen with a stove , microwave and fridge .
with fantastic views of rothiemurchus forest and the cairngorm mountains , this motel offers spacious rooms with original artwork by local artists .
guests can also entertain and make use of hotel francesco ’ s bbq facilities and garden area .
besides the free private parking , at villa andalucia designer hotel you will find a 24 - hour front desk , a garden and a terrace .
within a 10 - minute walk of the hotel there are several bars , cafés and restaurants specialising in german and international cuisine .
overlooking the pool or garden , rooms at melati resort & hotel are cooled by air conditioning .
staff speak great english and can offer all kinds of recommendations and tourist information .
the rooms at howard arms hotel each have a tv and tea / coffee facilities .
fitness facilities , squash courts , massages and sun beds area available as well .
b & g 51 presents panoramic city views from the top floor , accompanied by a jazz band .
centrally located in loano , hotel villa mary is 1 km from the city ’ s train station .
a steam room and sauna , outdoor hot tub , and state - of - the - art fitness centre are also available .
the nearest airport is lisbon portela airport , 38 km from the property .
it offers bed and breakfast accommodation , free wifi and free private parking .
london city airport is 8 km from the property .
there is a dining area and a kitchen complete with an oven , a toaster and fridge .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
a traditional breakfast , which includes locally produced cheese , jams and honey , as well as homemade pies , is served daily .
hermosillo hotel lucerna has a state - of - the - art gym and a business center .
the property is located at a short distance from estrela garden and the estrela basilica .
some units provide sea views .
guests can enjoy breakfast in the rooms .
kizilay metro station is 5 - minute walk away .
the nearest airport is warsaw chopin airport , 7 km from top floor hostel .
the modern , air - conditioned rooms are equipped with a flat - screen cable tv , safety deposit box and a seating area with a sofa .
the village of narok is 90 . 5 km away .
fezőr panzió és étterem is set in körmend , 1 km from the train station and within 2 km from körmend castle park , and features rooms with free wifi , and a restaurant with hungarian cuisine .
bursa - yenisehir airport is 82 km while sabiha gokcen airport is 152 km away .
front desk offers shuttle service at a surcharge and upon request .
a full english breakfast including local lincolnshire farmhouse sausages is on offer , and lighter options such as muesli and organic porridge are also available .
the seaside stalis village is at 5 km .
it offers modern and bright apartments with a balcony and mountain views .
at setomaa turismitalo you will find barbecue facilities .
boasting an outdoor swimming pool , spa and wellness centre and sauna , nairobi safari club offers rooms in the central business district in nairobi .
the hotel features an indoor pool , outdoor seasonal pool , sauna , hammam , spa and wellness centre .
guests can request to rent a car to explore the area .
the apartment is air - conditioned and comes with a flat - screen tv , a seating area and a full kitchenette that includes a fridge , microwave , coffee maker , toaster and kitchenware .
offering tagus river views , this air - conditioned apartment from the 20th century was recently renovated and includes free wifi access .
surrounded by a large garden area with swimming pool , casas da lupa is located within sudoeste alentejano natural park .
slippers and free toiletries are provided in the private or shared bathroom .
the nearest airport is kempegowda international airport , 31 km from the property .
the kitchen comes with an oven and there is a private bathroom .
free parking is available for all guests .
they are surrounded by a lush green garden with lots of flowers and trees .
the kitchen is fitted with a microwave , a refrigerator and a stovetop and there is a private bathroom . a tv is featured .
private bathrooms have a shower .
the lake vrana nature park and ornithological reserve is located at a distance of 7 km from the apartments .
the nearest airport is sheremetyevo international airport , 42 km from guest house houseistra .
on request , fresh bread rolls can be delivered in the morning .
begin the day at the staybridge suites chicago - oakbrook terrace by preparing a home cooked meal in fully equipped kitchens , furnished with an oven , a microwave and dishware .
cabañas inti - sumah is 600 metres from the bus stop and 150 km from pajas blancas airport .
free wi - fi access is available throughout the hotel .
it offers rooms with free wi - fi .
the attached bathroom includes hot / cold shower facility , towels and free toiletries .
guests can also sample barbecued seafood , pizza , and a wide range of international , italian and thai dishes at sunset beach restaurant .
blue and red accents are sprinkled throughout the downtown resort style , unit 2g apartment .
all rooms are fitted with a flat - screen tv . some rooms have a seating area for your convenience .
offering a restaurant , ravana ridge polhena guest house is located in matara .
featuring modern decors , all guestrooms are fitted with a flat - screen satellite tv , and air conditioning .
alicante is just over an hour ' s drive away , and you can drive to valencia in 1 hour and 15 minutes .
casa per ferie parco degli ulivi is located 800 metres from monte porzio catone and just 1 km from the a1 motorway to rome .
tihany ferry port is at a distance of 5 km .
niyat offers a full buffet breakfast with fresh juices and croissants .
the apartment has 1 double room , a room with bunk beds and a double sofa bed in the living room .
this stylish hotel in eisenach offers free wifi and panoramic views of the wartburg castle and the thuringian forest .
all accommodation at hotel nh belagua includes a safe and a private bathroom with a hairdryer and toiletries .
bike rental and laundry service are available at a surcharge .
a 5 - minute drive from jinjiling park , international youth inn offers cosy and affordable accommodation with free wired internet .
rouen is also a 40 - minute drive away .
featuring free wifi , loma ii gran canaria is situated in la playa de arguineguín , 11 km from playa del ingles . maspalomas is 9 km from the property .
the centre of puerto del carmen is less than 2 km away .
each room at hotel palacio chico 1850 is decorated in warm tones and some rooms feature stained - glass windows or a 4 - poster bed .
varied breakfast buffets are on offer every day .
free parking is provided .
featuring garden views , the air - conditioned rooms at pousada alto da praia offer a private bathroom fitted with a shower .
adler - sochi international airport is 3 km from the property .
there is a tour desk available which offers information on local cycling and horse riding trips .
in the evenings , guests are invited to relax in the hotel ’ s cosy bar .
nearby attractions include the grieg concert hall and bergen museum , both of which are 5 minutes ’ walk from basic bergen .
the kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher , oven and microwave .
there is also free on - site parking .
free wifi is provided throughout the property .
willa pod brzyzkiem is located in zakopane , 1 . 5 km from ugory ski lift .
the popular boscombe shopping centre and the famous opera house music venue , now the o2 academy , are within a 5 - minute walk .
car rental services are available on site .
lunch and dinner is also available while refreshing drinks can be enjoyed here .
a health club with a sauna and a pool is available .
hejlsminde beach is just 200 metres away , while legoland amusement park is a 1 - hour drive from the property .
set in the italian region of emilia - romagna , this elegant 3 - star hotel is ideally situated in the wonderful town of brescello , within easy reach of bologna .
in the surrounding area , guests may easily find a variety of local eateries .
towels and bed linen are featured in this apartment .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including snorkelling .
each house is lightly decorated which makes it bright with a lot of windows .
set in the cotentin et bessin nature reserve , this hotel is 16 km from the beach in portbail .
rooms here will provide you with an lcd tv , a fridge , an electric kettle and beach equipment – windscreen and blankets .
guests benefit from balcony and a barbecue .
guests can use the spacious spa and wellness centre including a recreational pool , a 25 - metre sports pool , a complex of saunas and steam baths , and a sunny terrace with sun loungers in the hotel ’ s garden . guests can also enjoy a wide range of massage and beauty treatments or use the fully equipped fitness room .
the buffet breakfast offers a variety of tropical items .
a washing machine can be used by all guests in the apartment house .
the kitchenette comes with a hob and fridge .
a tv is featured .
the on - site restaurant serves traditional local cuisine and classic italian dishes .
guests can also relax on dawn beach , receive an en - suite massage or hire their own private chef .
the hot spring water is reputedly drinkable .
also there ' s a washing machine .
laundry facilities are also available for use .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
the simply decorated rooms at guesthouse sunna feature either private or shared bathroom facilities .
with a seafront location in chioggia , appartamenti luigi e carla offers accommodation with a view , 26 km from venice .
the tenero shopping centre can be reached within a 3 - minute drive and free private parking is possible on site .
the property offers free parking .
towels are offered .
only 500 metres from yuanyang rice terraces , flowers resident features simple accommodation with free wi - fi .
there are a variety of local dining options available within walking distance .
the closest metro is chatelet .
mina gerais is a new hotel situated in the heart of ouro preto ́ s historical centre .
there is room service at the property .
paradise guest house is located in the centre of yoshkar - ola , within a 5 - minute walk of the central square .
other facilities at casa los jardines de lola include a year - round outdoor pool .
the property ' s à - la - carte restaurant serves regional and international cuisine and special diet menus are available upon request .
the sanctuary lounge offers a full bar , specialty drinks and locally brewed beers .
the contemporary fitted kitchens feature an oven , microwave and refrigerator , and full kitchenware is provided . there is also a dining area , and a welcome pack is provided , with tea , coffee and biscuits .
there are several walking routes around the property and st idloes golf club , which offers panoramic views over the town , is only 2 miles away .
the bathroom has a shower , free toiletries and hairdryer .
the restaurant proposes à la carte tuscan recipes .
located on the shores of santa rosa river , jazmines del rio offers self - catering accommodation in santa rosa de calamuchita .
offering a restaurant , hotel belarus is located in navapolatsk .
paulaner restaurant and bar serves bavarian cuisine and a selection of beer .
the private bathroom comes with a bath and a shower .
the ancient city of aptera is a 5 - minute drive away , while the scenic town of chania with its venetian harbour is a 20 - minute drive away .
the holiday inn express is 20 miles from pioneer village , a historical western town .
set in a residential area , next to the bus stop with links to pisa centre , gino ' s house offers classically furnished rooms . guests can make use of free bikes and free wifi .
these one - bedroom apartments and studios will provide you with a seating area , a sofa and a kitchenette with a microwave and a refrigerator .
guests should bring camping equipment , and there is a shower and toilet block on - site .
breakfast and set meals are served in the comfort of villas or the private gazebo .
offsite parking is provided at a surcharge .
the property features free wifi access in public areas and guests are served a complimentary continental breakfast daily .
there is a private bathroom with a bath .
garden city travelodge serves buffet breakfast every morning .
set within an impressive turreted granite building in the exclusive west end of aberdeen , these fully - serviced luxury suites have been awarded 4 diamonds from the rac .
central kiev is accessible from the nyvky metro station , located 2 km from the hotel .
the restaurant at solbacka offers a set 2 - course dinner at 19 : 00 each evening .
offering free wi - fi and a 24 - hour reception , this modern guest house is just 250 metres from guadalajara train station .
near the premises guests can find free public parking .
staff at the 24 - hour front desk can assist with laundry , airport shuttle and luggage storage services .
every room at this guest house is air conditioned and comes with a flat - screen tv .
there is a bus stop , with connection to valencia ’ s historic centre and la malvarrosa beach , 150 metres from the apartment .
featuring a spa and wellness centre , eden hotel offers rooms on the beachfront of the famous waecicu beach .
as well as a pool the hotel also offers a fitness centre .
extras include slippers and free toiletries .
it is a 10 - minute drive from central , lively soho and lan kwai fong .
zurich is 30 km from the swiss star hotel , and lake pfäffikon can be reached within 10 minutes by car .
the rooms are fitted with a private bathroom fitted with a bath .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
heraklion international airport is 63 km away from rethymno sunset .
with a balcony overlooking the sea , the apartment includes a fully equipped kitchen , dining area and living room with a flat - screen satellite tv .
all also have a lake - view balcony .
watersports such as snorkelling and diving can be arranged on site .
the self - catering rooms , chalets and bungalows all come with a patio and views of the red mountains .
rooms at city feature air conditioning and hot water showers .
free wi - fi and free on - site parking are provided .
besides it provides a refrigerator , a coffee machine and a minibar .
you will find a wide choice of amenities such as turkish bath with caldarium , turkish bath with laconicum , cold mist showers , tropical rain showers and kneipp baths .
the charming , 4 - star strandhotel baabe situated on the south - east coast of the island of rügen , just minutes away from the fine sandy beach and the town centre .
free wifi access is available .
the city centre of kampot is 500 metres away while bokor mountain is 42 km from the guesthouse .
guests can taste classics from turkish and world cuisines and enjoy a drink at on - site bar .
breakfast is provided as a buffet and it consists of cereal , fresh fruit , and homemade cakes , together with cheese and ham .
guests can relax on the sofa or on the terrace with a garden .
the nearest airport is falcone - borsellino airport , 68 km from the property .
many cafés and restaurants are located a 10 - minute drive from the accommodation and guests can get refreshments at the property ' s bar .
free public parking is available .
poros port is at 20 km and kefalonia airport is 25 km away .
a continental breakfast is offered .
japanese yukata robes and toothbrush sets are provided for all guests .
all units will provide you with a flat - screen tv and a balcony . there is a full a kitchenette with a dining area , a stovetop , kitchenware and an electric kettle .
there is a shared lounge at the property .
featuring free wifi and a terrace , guesthouse svetlyachok offers accommodation in adler .
ingolstadt is 49 km from gästehaus marion , while bad gögging is 23 km from the property .
the unit fitted with a kitchen with a microwave and fridge .
there is a bathroom , and a hairdryer is available to rent .
free parking is on site .
wi - fi internet access is available throughout the condor .
bikes are available at the property .
guests can enjoy sea views .
riverside center dinner theatre is 18 minutes ' drive away . forest greens golf club is less than 5 miles away .
free wi - fi is available in the entire hotel .
benjamin matienzo airport is 13 km from the property .
provided with free wifi , rooms at les palmiers all have a private bathroom with shower .
a daily breakfast is available for an extra fee .
dimovi guest house is 200 metres away from the city centre , where grocery shops and dining alternatives are available .
the elegant accommodations offer a tv and a private entrance .
there are many other dining options within a few minutes ’ walk of the hotel .
it is 3 . 7 km from sule pagoda and 11 km from yangon international airport .
you can play table tennis or billiards and there is a children ’ s playground and free wi - fi zone .
riccione is 9 km from the property , while rimini airport is 10 minutes ’ drive away .
the oven and stove in each provided fully - equipped kitchen allow for home cooked meals which can be enjoyed in the stylish dining area .
it features a buffet breakfast , free wi - fi and free parking .
a good selection of restaurants is available in the surrounding area .
sunset beach villas is within 5 minutes ’ walk from a range of shopping and dining options .
the hotel offers a sauna and a sun terrace .
conveniently located a 5 - minute walk from harbour bay ferry terminal , zest hotel harbour bay batam offers a 24 - front desk and free wifi access throughout .
the staff at hipotel paris will be happy to help you organise your stay in paris 24 hours a day .
other facilities include free wi - fi , bicycle rental and meeting facilities .
b & b nughe ' e ' oro is just 5 minutes ' walk from nuoro ' s restaurants and shops .
dam square is 400 metres away .
it is now a luxury , family - run guest house with free parking and rooms with free wi - fi .
the hotel is easily accessed from the a10 , just 7 minutes away , and which leads directly to bordeaux .
guests will also find on - site waterfalls , a natural water slide and excellent bird watching .
the accommodation is equipped with a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
rooms are fitted with a shared bathroom .
newport beach is 22 km away from howard johnson anaheim hotel and water playground .
pitti palace is 300 metres away .
the kitchen has a dishwasher , an oven and a microwave , as well as a coffee machine .
bad worishöfen train station is a 10 - minute walk from the hotel .
mara siria luxury tented camp offers accommodation in aitong . the oloololo gate of the masai mara national reserve is 7 . 4km from the tented camp .
el dorado international airport is 9 km away .
other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage . the property also offers free parking .
guest house himeji 588 is a 5 - minute walk from himeji castle and koko - en garden .
located in the centre of narooma , directly opposite the narooma golf course , all 1 - bedroom units enjoy fantastic ocean and golf course views .
the deak ferenc square metro station is only 900 metres away .
the villa consists of 4 elegant bedrooms , all offering views at the aegean sea , 3 bathrooms , a fully equipped kitchen and a living room .
the apartment features free wifi throughout the property .
ahuja residency is about 12 km from indira gandhi international airport .
nestled in the forestry of northern california , this mill creek bed and breakfast offers a hearty country - style breakfast each morning .
a terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms .
a tavern with traditional cuisine and various cafés are within 40 metres of the property .
it operates a 24 - hour front desk and provides free wi - fi access throughout the property .
villa caprice is 60 km from the international airport simferopol and 50 km from simferopol train station .
the restaurant serves traditional styrian cuisine . free wifi is available , and hiking trails start at the doorstep .
seneca niagara casino is 28 miles from the hotel .
free private parking is possible on site .
yerevan apart hotel is 13 . 3 km from yerevan train station and 17 . 7 km from zvartnots international airport .
adler train station and sochi - adler international airport are 40 km from the property .
free wifi is available throughout the property .
towels and bed linen are featured in this self - catering accommodation .
the hotel has a 24 - hour front desk and offers free private on - site parking .
leonis b & b is located in palermo , 300 metres from giardino inglese .
flórián vendégház .
university area hampton inn serves a hot breakfast every morning .
braşov is 32 . 6 km from romanita holiday house , while poiana braşov is 27 . 4 km away .
refreshing drinks are also available in the lounge bar .
the village centre is easily reached within a 2 minute walk from the hotel , with plenty of restaurants and traditional taverns to choose from .
the kitchen is equipped with a dishwashwer , oven , microwave , and coffee machine .
each apartment features a flat - screen tv in the seating area and a private bathroom with shower .
ulan - ude train station is within a 10 - minute walk from kemping hotel .
turin airport is located 13 km away .
the friendly staff can assist with fax / photocopying , laundry service and tour arrangements .
the property offers free monitored parking .
guests can enjoy a dip in the outdoor swimming pool or practice tai chi session in the morning .
travel assistance can be sought at the tour desk .
this 4 - star hotel is located 2 km from the centre of saint - tropez .
the 1 - bedrooom apartment is decorated in a contemporary style and includes a living room with a flat - screen tv .
brussels airport is located 13 km from the property .
free parking is available .
tours excursions to visit the bangkok top attractions are also available .
a ground - floor apartment can be rented separately at gardabær villa .
all rooms , studios and suites at the rainbow apartments have air conditioning and private bathrooms .
complete with a microwave , a refrigerator and a coffee machine are also provided .
the town center is located 400 metres from the property .
located just off i - 77 and less than 5 miles from downtown rock hill , this country inn & suites features a seasonal outdoor pool . free wi - fi is available throughout the hotel .
guests can also enjoy local and international specialities in the restaurant or relax with a drink in the bar .
ws villa monaci is located in gallipoli .
each includes a tv and private bathroom with shower .
other facilities offered at the property include a tour desk and luggage storage .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and slippers .
the bed and breakfast casa de solana is just a 5 - minute drive from the public beach at anastasia state park .
encanto riviera condo hotel also offers its guests privileges and discount at selected beach clubs of playa del carmen .
to help you organise your stay , meran hotel offers an on - site atm machine and free wi - fi throughout the building .
rooms at this property have a romantic feel and a tv .
the apartment also provides a seating area , and a private bathroom with a bath and free toiletries .
guests can enjoy traditional american fare including burgers and hot dogs at amargosa café .
the brauhaus zum löwen provides a big breakfast buffet every day .
the en suite bathroom has a hairdryer , soft bathrobes and a bathtub .
it provides free wi - fi , a fully equipped shared kitchen and rooms with a flat - screen tv .
the ap7 motorway is easily accessible and las ramblas de orihuela golf club is a 15 - minute drive away .
the kitchen comes with a dishwasher and an oven .
at dobre miejsce you will find a 24 - hour front desk , a children ' s playground and a garden with barbecue facilities .
the 1 - bedroom apartment features a living room with a sofa bed and a dining table .
all rooms are air - conditioned and feature a balcony with a garden , pool or sea view , a seating area , a tv with satellite channels and a telephone .
lérins abbey is 5 km from immogroom rentals - beautiful attic apartment , while les princes casino is 300 metres away . the nearest airport is nice côte d ' azur airport , 19 km from beautiful attic apartment .
the accommodation is 500 metres from the cologne chocolate museum , 600 metres from the wallraf richartz museum , and 1 km from the ludwig museum .
a dishwasher , oven and microwave are included in the kitchen , as well as a toaster and kettle .
other facilities like meeting facilities are offered .
all rooms provide microwaves , refrigerators and coffee makers . they also have seating areas and ironing facilities .
luggage storage is also provided .
each room at this hotel is air conditioned and is equipped with a flat - screen tv . all rooms are equipped with a private bathroom .
gdynia główna railway station is just 1 . 9 km away .
there are many fantastic hiking routes in the mountains around can marquesi .
the renovated and modern rooms and suites all have a fully equipped kitchenette with all utensils for self catering .
it features an outdoor pool , 3 dining options and villas with private balcony .
coffee , tea and biscuits are always available on site .
sao lazaro apartments is set in lisbon , 600 metres from rossio .
all rooms on first floor have only one double bed .
the guesthouse is 2 km from goseong five - day market . it is 5 km from south sea and seopjikoji , which is a well - known area tv and drama filming spot .
the accommodation has a tv . there is also a kitchen , fitted with a fridge and stovetop . every unit is equipped with a private bathroom with a bath or shower .
you can engage in various activities , such as cycling and hiking .
some rooms have a spa bath , and all offers mountains view .
each comes with a fully equipped kitchen and a terrace or balcony with view .
quietly located in the wunderburg district of bamberg , hotel am brauerei - dreieck offers free wi - fi and free on - site parking .
a family - run country guest house nameji is located on the oustkirts of bauska and it offers accommodation surrounded by greenery with an on - site pond .
there is also a tennis court , and guests receive discounts on green fees at the golf course .
the holiday homes have a bathroom fitted with a walk - in shower .
the guest house is located just 2 km from the a3 motorway , providing connections to wiesbaden ( 60 km ) and frankfurt am main ( 75 km ).
i pini park offers self - catering chalets and bungalows .
free private parking is possible on site .
all the air - conditioned rooms at khaosan tokyo original are non - smoking and include bed linens .
the garden offers free barbecue facilities and an outdoor seating and dining area .
set 50 metres from the beach , apartments dijanović ' s self - catering accommodation provides air conditioning and a furnished terrace offering sea views . free on - site parking is available .
guests can benefit from yavuz hotel ’ s 24 - hour reception .
room service is available 24 / 7 .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
the hostel is an ideal base for exploring the altmühltal nature park or cycling along the well - known altmühltalradweg ( altmühl valley cycle trail ).
the 2 - storey house offers cosy rooms with splendid views of the surrounding forest and the nearby lake .
daily newspaper is also provided .
appartements basfroi is located just 300 metres from voltaire metro station , which provides direct access to galeries lafayettes , the champs - elysées and the eiffel tower .
the sophien hotel ' s varied breakfast buffet will give you all the energy you need in the mornings .
there are a shared kitchen and a shared tv lounge available on site .
guests at suites dioh will be able to find a variety of restaurants within 1 km from the property and the food offered include seafood , steak - style , sushi , italian - style and typical mexican cuisine .
a rich hot / cold breakfast buffet is provided each morning in the breakfast room . this includes fresh bread from the bakery and freshly prepared egg dishes .
the property is 1 . 6 km from bangla road and 3 . 7 km from tri trang beach .
the property offers a tour desk and a ticket service .
it features a garden with outdoor pool , children ' s playground and bbq facilities .
the central location of the hotel am rathaus means that all of flensburg ' s sites can be easily reached on foot .
each room here will provide you with a tv and air conditioning . some have a private bathroom .
rooms at the himara come with air conditioning and a private bathroom .
zvartnots international airport is 88 km away .
within a walking distance from otdykh there are shops , restaurants and clubs .
there is a restaurant and a bar in pik palace .
free private parking is possible on spot .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
this family - run complex features a terrace and apartments with a private balcony .
each apartment at the mediterraneo residence comes with a flat - screen tv and free internet access .
easy living business apartments are 2 . 1 km from the lucerne train station and 2 . 2 km from the kkl culture and convention centre .
at villa comfort you will find a garden with a gazebo and barbecue facilities .
joz nest apart consists of 2 bedrooms and a seating area .
friedrichshafen airport is 40 km away .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
it is available from wednesdays to sundays .
located in prague , a 15 - minute walk from the o2 arena and 5 metro stops from wenceslas square , luxury green apartment provides a green patio and a garden with a children ’ s playground . free wifi is available , as well as free parking .
all accommodation units comprise satellite tv and a bathroom with shower .
there is also a bar and restaurant , which are open from june to august .
the dvůr králové zoo is within 15 km .
cosy quiet aparrtment features an outdoor pool and boasts views of the garden .
there is also an electric kettle .
entirely renovated in 2013 , residence balaton wellness hotel is located in quiet surroundings , featuring a private beach with a snack and cocktail bar only 150 metres away and its own , modern spa area .
several nearby restaurants are red lobster , don pablos , max & erma ’ s and olive garden .
authentic sri lankan and western dishes are served at chili café restaurant .
there is a living space with a sofa bed for 2 , flat - screen satellite tv , cd player , and dining table , while the kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher , oven , electric kettle , microwave , and coffee machine .
la muse guests can dine at the chez bouquet , which serves food made from local ingredients .
there are also local dining options within 100 metres from sunrise village .
the transfagarasan highway can be reached in a 20 - minute drive .
the rooms in the los villares rural hotel have cable tv as well as wooden floors .
other facilities offered include barbecue facilities , a stylish guest lounge and large terrace overlooking the pool .
set in a former winery , il palmento relais offers free wi - fi throughout , free private parking and air - conditioned rooms .
free private , on - site parking is possible .
each room features a high - quality mattress and bed linen , free broadband internet access and a powerful shower .
breakfast is served in guests ' rooms daily .
check - in takes place at gardenia ' s reception or at a nearby partner property .
guests are provided with items for a sweet breakfast .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
.
the property offers free parking .
it includes many free benefits and discounts , including free use of the local public pool and cable cars .
each unit come equipped with a flat - screen cable tv and contains a private bathroom .
rooms at hotel white horse are decorated with japanese artefacts and have tatami ( woven - straw ) floors and shoji paper screens .
laundry facilities are available .
activities in the surrounding area include mini golf .
each spacious room also includes ironing facilities and a work desk .
the india gate is 16 km while red fort is 22 km .
lourdes airport is 40 km from this property .
located right on the beach , aegli rooms are spacious and they all have a private balcony .
the private bathroom comes with a hairdryer , slippers and free toiletries .
linköping train station , saab arena and linköping town centre are all within 12 km from the property .
all rooms at the alter ziehbrunnen have a private bathroom , a tv and light wooden furnishings .
free buses for ski lifts to the adamello ski area stop right in front of the hotel .
a thai - style breakfast is served between 08 : 30 - 10 : 30 hrs , and the snack bar include cornflakes , oatmeal and milk .
guests at la serena ocean apartment suite can relax in the spa or exercise in the fitness centre .
rooms and apartments are bright and classically furnished . they all feature a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
bolshoi theatre is 2 . 5 km from apartments on 3 - ya tverskaya - yamskaya 56 / 6 , while state historical museum is 2 . 8 km away .
computers are available in the lobby for guest use .
some units offer a spa bath .
additional features include free wi - fi access and bike and motorbike parking .
set in gardens , the vistalmar apartments have easy access to the ap - 7 motorway , and offer free on - site parking .
laundry and dry cleaning services are also available upon request .
guests can enjoy a home - cooked full english breakfast every morning .
you can enjoy hiking , bicycle riding and fishing in the surrounding areas .
the rustic interiors feature terracotta floors and exposed wooden beams on the ceiling .
baneasa airport is just 5 km from the johann strauss .
yoga mats and cushions are provided at the balconies and common areas for your convenience .
free toiletries are available in the shared bathroom .
located in the coastal village of khosta , golden palm hotel provides modern accommodation with views over the black sea and a swimming pool .
piazza del popolo is reachable on foot in 6 minutes .
there is also a cosy dining area , and full laundry facilities are provided .
jökulsárlón glacier lagoon is 40 km away and skálafellsjökull glacier is 3 km from the guest house .
there is also a wide continental selection .
the nearest airport is vnukovo international airport , 23 km from the property .
overlooking the mediterranean sea in el alamein , the 5 - star porto marina hotel offers luxury accommodation , a lagoon - style pool and a variety of health and beauty treatments at its wellness centre .
case vacanze mare nostrum is a 20 - minute drive from cefalù .
at uenohirokoji r & b hotel you will find a 24 - hour front desk .
free private parking is possible .
you have one outdoor pool in the garden , complete with sun loungers and umbrellas and a terrace .
located in dolní poustevna , alčas offers self - catering accommodation and free wi - fi .
certain rooms include views of the sea or pool .
towels and bed linen are offered in this self - catering accommodation .
the nearest airport is san javier airport , 14 km from la manga apartment capri , and san pedro del pinatar is 8 km away .
each room has a cable tv , minibar and safety deposit box .
the bruges train station is 3 km from this property .
it offers buffet breakfast and free wi - fi .
penkenbahn is 1 . 1 km from haus georg ( 280 ), while eberwald is 2 . 1 km from the property .
harpa concert hall & conference centre is 2 . 2 km away .
a buffet breakfast is served daily and includes hot drinks , sweet and savoury products .
tianjin railway station is a 20 - minute drive away .
select suites have a full kitchen and a living room with sofa bed .
situated on madina al monawwara street , it is well placed for easy access to the big hospitals ( university hospital , king hussein cancer hospital and ibn al haitham hospital ) and have services , malls and restaurants in the near vicinity .
after working up an appetite , the pool restaurant is open almost all day where you can enjoy a wide variety of international , local specialties , and snacks .
the nearest restaurant is just 100 metres away .
after dinner , you can play table tennis , darts and table football in the lounge at le moulin gîtenay – yourte .
all the apartments come with a tv and a kitchen with a microwave .
shops and restaurants can be found 2 km from the accommodation .
the air - conditioned rooms at hotel segles feature free wi - fi , flat - screen satellite tv and a dvd player .
warszawa centralna train station is 1 . 5 km away and warsaw ’ s beautiful old town is 1 . 7 km from the apartment .
rooms include a parasol , 2 sun loungers at the private beach .
ferry , bus and train stations are 500 metres from the property .
each has an equipped kitchen and a washing machine is available , as well .
featuring free wifi , a barbecue and a children ' s playground , hostel koleso offers pet - friendly accommodation in bakhchysaray , 30 km from yalta .
room service is also available .
bikes can be hired on site and staff organise cycling tours .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling .
affittacamere sottosopra is 3 km from torre del lago ' s sandy beach and 1 km from lake massaciuccoli .
select rooms come with a tv and telephone .
the on - site restaurant offers japanese , korean and western cuisines .
the on - site restaurant , the delicate palate , features a variety of seafood , meat and fine wine .
renovated in february 2016 , kamigata oyado hachijo is conveniently situated a 4 - minute walk away from kyoto station .
the property offers free parking .
some units have a terrace and / or balcony .
this hotel is 11 miles from downtown charlotte and within a 15 - minute drive of the lowes motor speedway .
the private bathroom comes with a shower and a hairdryer .
each room is equipped with air conditioning and a flat - screen cable tv .
colle di val d ’ elsa is a 12 - minute drive from tenuta croce di bibbiano , while monteriggioni is 15 km away .
it is located in the heart of guayaquil , 7 blocks from guayas river .
set just outside linguaglossa , it is inside the etna regional park .
all have a balcony , some with ocean views .
shops and restaurants can be found within 1 . 5 km .
the popular kurfürstendamm shopping street and berlin zoo are within a 15 - minute walk of stars . potsdamer platz square and the brandenburg gate are 10 minutes away by underground train .
located 5 minutes ’ walk from carlos gardel b - line metro station , kurmis features comfortable and well ventilated rooms with wardrobes and lockers in buenos aires .
the cologne cathedral and the chocolate museum are easily reachable by foot and the messe exhibition centre is a short u - bahn or tax ride away .
all rooms have a shared bathroom .
hotel città dei papi is just 200 metres from the anagni exit on the a1 motorway , south of rome .
ampha place is located in koh samui , a 3 - minute drive from mae nam beach .
spacious air - conditioned rooms feature contemporary vietnamese decor and flat - screen tvs .
an en suite bathroom is also provided .
it offers self - catering apartments with a washing machine and a terrace or balcony .
vouk hotel and suites features an outdoor pool , 5 dining options and spacious rooms with private balconies .
kerizara baserria is located in ochandiano .
downtown abilene is less than 10 minutes ’ drive from emerald inn . abilene civic center and taylor county fairgrounds are within 2 miles .
the property is a 15 - minute drive from taman anggrek shopping centre and central park bus station .
cocktails and local wines are proposed in the hotel ' s bar la gabare , which faces the river .
dedeman oskemen tavros is located along the irtysh river , just a 15 - minute walk from zhastar park .
guests can prepare their own meals at appartement créqui .
the nearest airport is kaliningrad khrabrovo airport , 19 km from the property .
there is an 18 - hole golf course just 100 metres from the property , and granaway can also help arrange outdoor activities like snorkelling and swimming .
the 24 / 7 gallery market features made - to - order american fare for breakfast , lunch , and dinner .
towels and linen can be provided upon request .
free private parking is available on site .
guests at pousada raio de sol can benefit from a breakfast buffet with natural juices , cakes and biscuits . the recently - remodeled guest house now offers an elevator and moderised facilities .
with accommodation for 6 persons , principe real deluxe by re features a living room with fireplace , piano and flat - screen cable tv .
you can also read the books and guides supplied .
japanese and western style meals are served for breakfast in the dining area .
the nearest airport is goa international airport , 24 km from the property .
federico fellini international airport is 33 km away .
located in los angeles , downtown victoria apartment offers an outdoor pool and a fitness centre . this self - catering accommodation features free wifi . the property is 500 metres from staples center .
this gorgeous slate roofed cottage features french doors , a cast iron spiral staircase , which winds up to a charming sleeping loft with arched windows , pressed metal ceilings , candlelight chandeliers and an antique queen - size bed with luxurious linen .
offering views of the garden and pool from its terrace or balcony , suites feature a sofa and a minibar .
mobark al hijra hotel is located in a vibrant neighborhood with a variety of grocery stores , clothing and souvenir shops , international banks , atm machines , currency exchange and various restaurants offering local and continental cuisines .
delfinia resort is located in kolymbia , on the east coast of rhodes near the beautiful beach with water sports facilities .
it has a restaurant , garden and fitness centre .
every unit has a private bathroom with a bath or shower and free toiletries .
the nearest airport , queen tamar airport is just 1 . 3 km away and property offers shuttle service at a surcharge .
daniel oduber international airport is 70 km away .
it is a 6 - minute walk from rybołówstwa museum .
the nearest airport is batumi international airport , 5 km from the property .
located in bratislava ’ s old town , the property is close to many of the city ’ s main tourist attractions . bratislava castle , grassalkovich palace , trinity church , st . martin ' s cathedral and obchodná ulica shopping street can all be reached on foot in 10 minutes or less .
the elegant bathrooms are stocked with a shower , while free toiletries are also offered .
moskovsky train station is 10 km from the property . pulkovo airport is 10 . 5 km away .
the air - conditioned , soundproofed rooms have lift access and feature a flat screen tv with satellite channels , a telephone and a safety deposit box .
a restaurant and a snack bar are onsite .
the rooms of hotel midye are elegantly decorated to create a warm setting .
up to 2 children ( 15 years and under ) stay free when sharing with parents .
some units are fitted with balconies , fireplaces , seating areas and heating .
gili air is 2 . 4 km from mallias bungalows .
a tour desk can help with sightseeing and travel arrangements .
the apartment features chic décor , high ceilings and a balcony with sea views .
juan santamaría international airport can be reached in a 15 to 20 - minute drive .
scenic cheonjiyeon waterfall , lighted up at night , is a 5 - minute walk .
room service can also be provided .
old mill hotel provides individually furnished rooms with classical details , including chandeliers and antique - style wooden furniture .
the restaurant le chariot serves swiss and international cuisine and a large selection of fine wines .
rooms here come with a tv and include a private bathroom with a shower .
the nearest airport is adler - sochi international airport , 2 km from apartment at sverdlova 55 .
casa vacanza il cedro is located on the seafront in marina di ragusa .
additional dining options including mulberry italian ristorante and woodlawn diner are within 2 minutes ’ drive .
shuttle service is offered at an extra charge and upon request .
the spa town of bad kissingen is 10 km away .
this hotel in the village of friesen promises relaxing holidays between the aischgrund valley and scenic franconian switzerland .
guests can enjoy treatments in the spa & wellness centre , and there is also a sauna and free wifi access is available .
guests can also sample provençal cuisine in a meal prepared by the hosts , upon request .
guests will find a variety of restaurants , bars and supermarkets within walking distance from orion naxos .
pension schloss drosedow is a great base for exploring the mecklenburg lake district .
there are some shops just 50 metres away , and a local bus stop is 150 metres from the property .
the hotel is located 2 km from the benfeld train station and 30 km from the entzheim airport .
balandra restaurant is built around a cosy fireplace and features large windows offering lake and volcano views . it serves national and international cuisine .
guarulhos international airport is a 3 - hour drive away .
a terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms .
the restaurant serves home - made dishes and offers a wide selection of somontano wines .
at centro turistico laguna del mar - la serena guests will find crystal clear lagoon , a shared lounge and laundry facilities .
starway hotel suzhou shi road is 1 km from tiger hill , a famous tourist attraction .
each holiday home features air conditioning , a living room and a patio .
alexanderplatz square is 15 minutes away by bus or tram .
adler - sochi international airport is 4 km away .
plaza catalunya and the famous las rambras are both 2 stops away by metro .
a buffet breakfast is served every morning .
mein appartement hürth köln features soundproofed apartments with natural stone wall details and contemporary furniture .
an optional daily breakfast buffet is also available for an additional charge .
the full kitchen includes a refrigerator and kitchenware .
the dallas / ft . worth international airport is 20 minutes away .
a 5 - minute walk from the beach in civitanova marche , vela sea offers a garden , large kitchen and living room for shared use .
in fine weather , meals are also served on the panoramic terrace which overlooks the surrounding mountains .
each has a balcony and terrace overlooking the ionian sea and the mountains of kefalonia .
piazza navona and the pantheon are 20 minutes away by metro .
the rooms at hotel maria candelaria come with a cable tv and a private bathroom with hot water and free toiletries , including soap , shampoo and body creme .
the restaurant offers regional dishes prepared with fresh ingredients .
children up to 14 years of age receive a 50 % discount on food and beverages .
this resort is comprised of 2 en suite tented camps and offers full board , inclusive of all meals and activities . see the african bush and it ’ s diverse wildlife during the game drives in open air vehicles and guided walks , all supervised by qualified and experienced guides and trackers .
located in jastrzębia góra on the beachfront , willa onyks offers a self - catering apartment with a terrace .
ferienwohnung zur freude offers accommodation in baden . the apartment is 600 metres from rosarium .
en suite bathrooms come with hot water showers and bath amenities .
offering a barbecue and views of the garden , family guest house on odesskaya is situated in yeysk .
belmonte is a family - run chalet in ischgl , just a few minutes ’ walk from silvretta ski area .
all rooms feature splendid views of the river and modern interiors . they come with a flat - screen cable tv , minibar and safety deposit box .
the miskolctapolca cave bath is 20 km , the tourist resort of lillafüred is 28 km and the bánkút ski resort is 40 km away .
it stands directly on hiking and skiing tracks .
fitted with a terrace and patio , holiday homes at villette allodola will provide you with a tv , a well - equipped kitchenette complete with a dining table and a seating area .
guests can enjoy a daily buffet breakfast including fresh fruits , juices , cereals , breads and cakes .
shower facilities and a hairdryer are included in its private bathroom .
it offers accommodation with free foosball , table tennis and a seasonal outdoor swimming pool .
local restaurants and 24 - hour convenience stores , which is open 7 days a week , can be found within walking distance from the property .
free private parking is available on site .
this guest house enjoys a quiet location near the centre of spala , surrounded by the spala nature park .
some accommodations have a mountain view .
laundry services , a business centre and a beauty salon are also available .
the hotel offers air - conditioned rooms with tv sets and private bathrooms .
guests can request to use the meeting / banquet facilities , or make travel arrangements at the tour desk .
the old town is full of charming galleries and little shops , and guests can also visit the ancient revelin tower , the romanesque - gothic cathedral of st mark or the franciscan monastery .
the bathroom is private and has shower .
the klosters train station is 240 metres away and davos is 15 km away . there is a children ' s ski lift 500 metres from the property .
the 2 children also get a free full breakfast when accompanied by an adult eating a full breakfast .
the attached bathrooms come with free toiletries and a shower .
the apartment features free wifi throughout the property .
offering free wifi and a terrace , yök casa cultura is situated in barcelona , 600 metres from la seu , cathedral of barcelona . portal de l ' angel is 600 metres from the property .
on - site parking is free .
guests can easily visit the westerwald hills and the rhine castles on a day trip from here .
i graniti apartment is located in san pasquale , 9 km from palau .
guests have access to free wi - fi , as well as a free sauna and gym .
overlooking the gulf of saint - lawrence , motel du haut phare is located in gaspé ’ s village of cap - des - rosiers .
nice côte d ' azur airport is 30 km away .
additionally , there is a games room and luggage storage .
the reception is also open around the clock and breakfast is served from 06 : 00 .
these luxury african - style tented cabins have shaded private timber patios with bbq and comfortable table and chairs .
nearby there is a restaurant ( 500m ) and a shopping area ( 500m ).
tito ' s club is 1 . 2 km from goa homeland - calangute , while casino palms is 1 . 6 km away .
heraklion international airport is 25 km away .
the nearest airport is hurghada international , 10 - minutes from yacht room tawila island .
all rooms offer a modern interior .
free wifi access and free private parking are available .
offering an outdoor pool with a sun deck and bbq facilities , luana waikiki , an aqua boutique hotel is 10 minutes ’ walk to waikiki beach .
extras include a desk , an outdoor seating area , and bed linens .
guests can take advantage of the café .
sporthotel monte pana offers rooms with mountain and garden views .
a garden with a playground surrounds the property and you can borrow bicycles at the apartment house .
busan exhibition and convention centre ( bexco ) is 6 km away while nurimaru apec house , located on dongbaekseom island is 8 . 5 km from the hostel .
vending machines for drinks are available at the property .
los villares park is just 15 minutes ’ drive from the property .
offering views of ripatransone centre from the private terrace , la rocchetta is an air - conditioned apartment with free wifi .
free private parking is available on site .
located on the beach along the mediterranean sea , olympos lodge is surrounded by green gardens .
the property has a small private ski lift , which offers direct connection to the gaislach ski lift and the sölden ski area .
this bed and breakfast offers free wi - fi access .
shuttle service to and from the airport and the train station is available for surcharge .
all rooms are air conditioned and feature a tv and a minibar .
it is situated 250 metres from basilique saint - sermin and a 4 - minute walk from the city centre .
other facilities like ski storage are offered .
faro international airport is a 35 - minute drive away .
the closest grocery store is just 100 metres away .
on the edge of sherwood forest , this modern yha is situated in the scenic village of edwinstowe .
staff at the 24 - hour reception can provide information about what to see and do in madrid .
boasting a balcony , air - conditioned rooms at palmas feature a plasma tv with cable channels , minibar and microwave .
packed lunches can be requested .
a traditional braai is also available for barbecues .
you can also relax in our tastefully decorated sitting room .
pension edison7 enjoys a quiet location in a residential area of bratislava , a few steps from the radiova bus station .
horta airport is 7 km away , and the hotel provides free private parking on site .
marina di campo airport is located 15 km from the property .
kefalonia airport is at 10 km .
guests can also relax at the le moët champagne bar and savour a wide range of cocktails , delicate finger food , illy coffee with eclairs or seasonal oysters and truffles .
the aparthotel senator barcelona is situated on via augusta , in a pleasant residential area , a 2 - minute walk from muntaner train station .
hotel goldener adler will provide guided city walks as well as trips in the surrounding area upon request .
guests staying at karü domos del fuy can go on rafting trips on fuy river or schedule trekking trips for an extra fee .
the nearest airport is santiago international airport , 16 km from the property .
rooms here will provide you with a patio and a seating area .
the individually furnished rooms feature a minibar , flat - screen tv and an en suite bathroom with rainfall shower head , hairdryer and toiletries .
bathrobes and slippers are provided in the bathrooms .
hotel ionian princess suites offer free wi - fi connection and free private parking on site .
it is 60 km from kawhia ’ s te puia ( hot water ) beach .
inside , the modern apartment features a fully equipped kitchen .
the bright , stylish restaurant also serves evening meals .
dinner is available by prior arrangement before arrival .
here you can relax under the gazebos in the private garden which is an ideal location for celebrating special occasions .
there is a grocery store next to the property and a market 300 metres away .
airport transfer and shuttle service are available at a fee .
all rooms come with a private bathroom .
johann . freshly prepared regional dishes and vegetarian meals are served at lunch and dinner .
located in central pihtipudas , between lake alva and lake kolima , this hotel offers finnish and international cuisine , free sauna access and free private parking .
a sauna , tennis court , art gallery and gift shop are also found on site .
its en suite bathrooms come with shower facilities .
the apartment has a seating area and cable tv .
each comes with a soaking tub , walk - in shower and deluxe bath amenities enriched with dead sea minerals .
each room at the caserío has original wooden beams and antique furniture .
with a wood burning stove , the traditional bar offers a wide selection of single malt whiskies .
a kitchen with hotplates , a refrigerator and kitchenware is also provided to prepare your meals .
flisvos marina is 2 km from alexei ' s apartment , while syntagma square is 7 km away .
there is also a poolside cocktail bar and a lobby bar with a tv showing live sporting events .
all apartments comprise an equipped kitchen with dining area , a flat - screen satellite tv and a private bathroom .
an à la carte breakfast can be prepared at any time of the day .
some rooms include a hydro massage bath .
dubrovnik old town - ploce gate is 3 . 8 km from attic apartment iris , while lapad bay is 1 . 2 km away .
a wide range of wines and beers are provided at the bar .
the apartment will provide you with a living area with tv as well as a full kitchen with a refrigerator and kitchenware .
featuring free wifi , kvartira studiia is located in novo - borisov , 45 km from silichi .
free private parking and a garden are available on site .
the property has a relaxing hot tub and free wifi access in all areas .
it is close to the small lake in fiesa , and a 1 km long promenade connects the property with the historic town of piran .
an airport shuttle can be arranged upon request .
it also features a communal terrace with views over the gardens .
at hotel tulum iguanas you will find a garden and a terrace .
activities that can be enjoyed on site include trekking , kayaking , snorkelling and fishing .
just 2 km from aluthgama town , this non - smoking resort features free yoga class , an outdoor pool and restaurant .
gościniec nad iną is located 500 metres of the ina river and surrounded by hiking and cycling routes .
patta serves fine selections of thai and international cuisines .
its living area comes with sofas and a tv .
the property offers free parking .
kalamies beach is 1 . 1 km from anastasia hotel apartments , while sunrise beach is 1 . 3 km from the property .
guests can catch boats to the surrounding islands solta , brac , hvar and drvenik 4 times a day from the docks 100 metres away .
the central bus station is within a 5 - minute walk away .
guests can take a stroll in the garden , or relax on the sun terrace .
at ahuzat ha ' teena you will find a garden , a terrace and a shared kitchen .
situated 5 minutes ’ walk from kristianstad train station , this property offers free wi - fi access and rooms with tvs and work desks . kristianstad theatre is a 2 - minute walk away .
overlooking the sea or mountains , guangzhou nansha pearl river delta world trade center tower provides spacious and modern air - conditioned suites with free wired internet .
this holiday apartment is located right at the old moselbrücke ( moselle bridge ), cochem , and offers great views of reichsburg castle , cochem town and the moselle river .
the accommodation provides an equipped kitchen and a seating area .
the property offers free parking .
the 2 - bedroom house comes with a fireplace and a flat - screen tv . there is an indoor and outdoor dining area , a seating area and a hammock in the 2000 - m2 garden .
the units set at herbert samuel street offer a balcony with sea views , while the ones set at hayarkon street have city views or a city - view balcony .
the congress hall , lohmühle stadium , and companies including telekom are within easy reach .
kosa nostra apartments offers accommodation in tashtagol . the unit is 19 km from sheregesh .
you can book a session at the sauna or turkish bath , or take a dip in the hot tub .
located in the aragonese pyrenees , this family - run guest house is in bielsa , between posets - maladeta and ordesa y monte perdido parks .
there is a café 200 metres away , while a grocery shop can be found 50 metres away .
it also offers a sauna and a hot tub .
hiking and bicycling can be enjoyed in the surroundings .
termini station is one metro stop away .
they are all fitted with a tv and have a kitchenette and a dining area .
overlooking burgeaux and simpson bay , beacon hill towers offers spacious , fully - equipped 2 - storey villas with spectacular sea views and free wi - fi .
los cancajos is 13 km from casa morrison , while barlovento is 23 km away .
with plenty of attractions to choose from , the presidential palace is just 1 . 5 km from the apartment and tbilisi sameba cathedral is 2 km away .
en suite bathrooms have a shower .
iguatemi shopping mall is 15 km from hotel residencial ilhabela . florianópolis city centre and hercílio luz international airport are both 20 km away .
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven .
free private parking is available on site .
a minibar and a tv with canal + channels feature in the guest rooms , which have a simple décor .
the aquadome thermal bath is a 10 - minute walk from the building .
the bathroom is private with a shower or tub .
the hotel also provides a free bicycle rental service , and is an ideal base for local cycling and hiking trails .
a selection of soft drinks and beverages is available for purchase from on - site vending machines at houston guest inn .
all split ’ s major attractions , as well as numerous restaurants , bars and cafés can be found in the vicinity .
the nearest bus stop is 200 metres away for buses to pescara and chieti .
for your comfort , you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer .
free public parking is available on site .
republic palace is 1 . 1 km from maqan hotel almaty , while kok tobe mountain is 1 . 4 km from the property .
laundry and dry cleaning services are available upon request .
the property is right on the central republic square and 200 metres from the shopping street of knez mihailova .
popular activities in the surrounding area include fishing , hiking and cycling , and bicycles can be rented free of charge from the holiday home .
chesterfield tibshelf days inn is on the northbound side of the m1 , but there is also access from the southbound carriageway .
at shidu purple yuet hotel guests can find a 24 - hour front desk and express check - in and check - out .
the kitchen is well - equipped with a stove , fridge , microwave and electric kettle .
all rooms are equipped with air - conditioning , private balcony , and a satellite flat - screen tv .
studio99 hotel and serviced apartments is a 7 - minute walk to wat phra sing .
enjoying a beachfront location in the area of perigiali , pansion marina features accommodation with a private sea - view balcony .
lyon - saint exupéry airport is 37 km away .
the hotel also has vending machines with snacks and drinks .
harrisburg international airport is 13 miles away . the hotel is 1 mile from the shoppes at susquehanna market place .
outside there is a seating area with wooden tables and a small garden .
some suites also feature a shared pool and hot tub .
the nearby hunting grounds in the municipality of vrbas are ideal for both big and small game and hunting .
the accommodation comes with a seating area .
featuring a garden and free wi - fi access throughout , agriturismo lu nodu offers rooms 15 km from aglientu .
the bright rooms of hotel drako are decorated with colourful bed linens .
there are shops at the property .
each comes with an electric kettle , a fridge and kitchenware .
coffee - making facilities are also provided .
the rooms have a classic décor and come with a tv and an en suite bathroom featuring a shower .
guests can also purchase disney tickets at the hotel .
novosibirsk opera and ballet theatre is 7 km from grand hotel , while novosibirsk state circus is 8 km away .
accommodation will provide you with a tv , a terrace and a seating area .
free wifi and an on - site restaurant are featured at courtyard by marriott hammond .
there is a full a kitchenette with a microwave .
the nearest airport is adler - sochi international airport , 22 km from guesthouse komsomolskaya 8 .
nearby towns of stari grad , vrboska and jelsa have a number of restaurants , bars and grocery shops .
central copenhagen can be reached within an hour by car , while sorø golf club is 5 minutes ’ drive away .
the air - conditioned unit is 500 metres from people ' s square - pjaca , and guests benefit from free wifi and private parking available on site .
afitos is 27 km from kostas beach apartments .
edinburgh castle is 300 metres from castle wynd apartment , while edinburgh festival theatre is 700 metres from the property .
a car rental service is available .
located in a residential district of kosice and 3 km form the centre , vila terrasse offers a garden with a terrace and free wifi .
a common laundry room is at guests ’ disposal .
the 5 bedrooms and 4 bathrooms are spread over 3 floors .
the travelodge seatac is located only a few minutes from westfield shopping mall , featuring numerous shops and restaurants .
the scenic village of asomatos , famous for its traditional character , is 14 km away .
pailahue offers alpine - style accommodation a 5 - minute drive from bariloche .
the rooms at the andy all come with a refrigerator , a flat - screen tv with satellite channels and private bathroom facilities .
all the spacious tents and lodges at the fig tree camp have private bathrooms .
the swimming lake in ried and the altfinstermünz castle in nauders can be reached within 10 minutes by car , and landeck is a 30 - minute drive away .
at hotell saaremaa kämping you will find barbecue facilities .
situated 2 . 4 km from pula arena in pula , this apartment features free wifi .
galeão international airport is located 19 km away .
moxi catholic church is definitely worth a visit , which sat just around the corner within 1 - minute walk from the hotel .
the guest house features heated rooms with free wired internet .
boasting absolute waterfront accommodation with stunning water views , the fisherman ' s wife is located in dover .
the property offers free parking .
the friendly staff at the galaxy hotel ’ s 24 - hour front desk can assist you with laundry / ironing services .
each room comprises a tv with cable channels , a refrigerator and an en - suite bathroom with a shower .
shopping , restaurants and museums are also easily accessed .
boasting a beachfront location in giardini naxos , hannabael offers a restaurant and air - conditioned rooms with free wifi .
this air - conditioned apartment has 1 double bedroom , 1 twin bedroom , and a bathroom with a bath and hairdryer .
coral ridge country club is 3 km from this motel .
the buffet breakfast , served at the pousada lagoa hotel , features traditional dishes from minas gerais ’ cuisine .
the attached bathroom has a shower and free toiletries .
the ski region offers over 80 km of ski runs and 65 km of winter hiking trails .
free wifi is provided throughout the property .
at holiday saidia you will find a garden .
the beach is 1 kilometers away .
the full kitchen is equipped with an oven , microwave , electric kettle and toaster .
you can enjoy mountain views from all the rooms .
mt . fernie provincial park is 5 km away .
the studio apartment at the central residence also comes with a well - equipped kitchen , a flat - screen tv with cable channels and a bathroom with a shower .
the bathrooms provide a hairdryer , bidet , bathrobes and slippers .
bali denpasar international airport is 28 km away .
compact units come with reading lights , power outlets and curtains to secure privacy .
skruzdynes apartamentai is a self - catering accommodation located in nida and offering a view of the curonian lagoon . free wifi access is available .
billund airport is 55 km from the property .
emirates stadium , home to arsenal football club is 1 . 8 miles away .
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and a refrigerator .
while there are no restaurants in the property , there are many restaurants in less than 1 km radius of the property .
the 9 - hole ehrwald golf course is 500 metres away .
the private bathroom features a walk - in shower and there is also a separated toilet .
les halles shopping centre is 1 . 4 km away .
an afternoon buffet of homemade cakes is offered twice a week , while a cheese buffet is featured weekly .
this hotel in buenos aires , caba is just a few minutes ’ walk from the historical avenida 9 de julio .
ormos athinios port lies within 24 km from oia ' s retreat , while santorini national airport is 20 km away .
each sauna has a relaxation room with an open fireplace .
staff can help arrange fishing , hiking , skiing and other recreation .
each one is individually decorated and also features an lcd tv and free wi - fi access .
all rooms are equipped with a flat - screen tv , hardwood floors and a private bathroom with shower . they also come with a balcony .
featuring a shower , the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
kazan state university is 1 . 7 km from hostel 1001 noch ' na karima , while peter and paul cathedral is 1 . 9 km away .
ebb & flow is an ultra - chic , art and design inspired all - day - dining lobby lounge offering gourmet coffee , craft cocktails , fine wines , fresh pastry etc . their award - winning sommelier has curated a special wine - by - the - glass menu , which is one of the most extensive in town .
featuring a large clubhouse with a heated indoor pool and spa , this resort is located just off interstate 2 and us highway 83 .
both the humanitas and san matteo hospitals are about 20 minutes ' drive away .
for families with young children , the property also offers a selection of toys as well as high chairs .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities and a shared lounge .
comfortable rooms are decorated in different colours and come with a fan .
you can enjoy mountain views from all the rooms .
the accommodation will provide you with a tv and a balcony . there is also a dining table .
a hot breakfast buffet is offered each morning .
the mountain surroundings are perfect for skiing or hiking and the staff can organise outdoor activities and trips around the area .
wellness and spirituality is a key focus at the farm at san benito , a spacious resort in lipa city .
a tv is available .
located on the corner of eyre square in galway city , the multi award - winning kinlay hostel is 1 minutes ' walk from both the coach and train stations .
all rooms include a flat - screen tv . some units include a seating area to relax in after a busy day . the rooms include a private bathroom .
the hostellerie blanche de castille is a boutique hotel with a stone façade , located in the heart of the medieval town of dourdan .
featuring 2 restaurants and a luxury day spa , cradle mountain lodge offers a selection of wood cabins with views of the surrounding tasmanian wilderness .
nea anchialos national airport is located 79 km from the accommodation .
apartmani zelengora also includes a barbecue .
horní planá train station is 100 metres away from arnika apartmány .
it has a shared kitchen and a free seasonal outdoor pool .
luggage storage can be arranged by the 24 - hour front desk .
additionally , the apartments also come with a well - equipped kitchen or kitchenette .
you can sample the dishes on the furnished terrace which includes barbecue facilities or in the dining room with its numerous paintings .
set 130 metres from the sandy beach , and 1 . 5 km from bellaria - igea train station , hotel villa tosi offers a restaurant , bar and classic - style accommodation with air conditioning .
the hotel also offers laundry facilities , car rental , and a currency exchange .
private bathroom comes with a shower .
other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities , a games room and luggage storage .
regional mecklenburg specialities are served at the hotel restaurant and café , and in summer months it is also possible to dine outside on the terrace .
it boasts stunning views of the mooloolah river .
a playground is provided for younger guests . bbq facilities are available in the garden .
bike hire and car hire are available at the property and the area is popular for cycling .
louvre museum is 800 metres from welcome hotel , while notre dame cathedral is 900 metres away .
transfers to and from lofer train station are available on request .
set in santa maria la palma and 10 km from the conte harbour , serraona offers a garden and self - catering accommodation with air conditioning .
lyon ’ s palais des congrès and the tête d ’ or park are 3 . 5 km away .
grand hotel villa tuscolana is a great base for exploring the castelli romani towns on the hills above rome .
each comes with a dining area and a living room . all apartments open out to a balcony overlooking the pool and the garden .
on request , bread rolls are delivered to the apartments in the morning .
st barthelemy airport is located 1 . 5 km away .
featuring an atrium with an indoor pool , this tropical - themed hotel also includes a sauna and the coccoloba health & fitness club . it is next door to the surrey conference center and 5 km from the canada / united states border .
hotel yokohama garden is a 5 - minute walk from jr kannai train station and yokohama chinatown .
yiting holiday hotel offers accommodation in jingdezhen . it is located a is a 6 - minute walk jingdezhen railway station .
free parking is provided at ferienweingut arnold thiesen .
the private bathroom has a shower , free toiletries and hairdryer .
the nearest airport is tbilisi international airport , 11 km from lilika apartment at shoropani .
just a 10 - minute walk from penrith stadium , astina serviced apartments - parkside offers free wifi and free on - site parking .
guests can swim in the indoor heated pool or workout in the fitness centre .
the on - site a la carte restaurant also serves lunch and dinner .
the historic turkish baths are situated within 300 metres of civan thermal .
this hotel is located a 1 - hour drive from geneva .
sepulveda is 12 minutes ’ drive away .
orly airport is a 20 - minute drive away while the charles de gaulle airport is a 30 - minute drive from beating heart .
it offers rooms with free wi - fi access and satellite tv and guests have free access to a gym 200 metres away .
it provides a 24 - hour front desk for the convenience of the guests .
room service is available .
the accommodation provides a tv , a terrace and a seating area .
the historical city of vannes , once a commercial port , is now a sailing port with many pedestrian streets and beautiful gardens .
eastnor house hotel is very well located for exploring the town , and offers a restaurant and a cafe / bar .
trento is a 1 - hour drive away .
trendy cafés and bars can be found on oranienburger straße , one of berlin ' s most popular nightlife districts .
bolzano is a 45 - minute drive away .
set next to the sea in ražanj , apartment joke is surrounded by a garden with terrace and built - in barbecue .
azerbaijani and european dishes are served in the outdoor restaurant .
the unesco - protected masada ruins are 20 km away .
the modern hotel has a mini - gym and a stylish restaurant with a terrace .
at chicanná ecovillage resort you will find a restaurant , a 24 - hour front desk and a garden .
the bathrooms come with shower .
aswan international airport is 58 km away , and the hotel offers free private parking on site .
the hostel provides luggage storage .
there is also a restaurant where the guests can enjoy a variety of dishes .
extras include satellite channels .
a continental breakfast is served every morning .
the rooms offer a private bathroom with shower and free toiletries . they have wooden furniture .
piazza barberini is 1 . 3 km from guest rooms fortuna , while sapienza university of rome is 1 . 3 km away .
various dining options are a short walk from apartment on deribasovskaya street .
restaurants , bars and shops can be reached by foot .
the hotel is 1 km from pineda golf club and 2 km from maria luisa park .
ironing facilities are also available .
all rooms feature spacious balconies .
free wifi is featured throughout the property .
hotel abadi suite features a restaurant serving indonesian , chinese and international cuisine .
palace square is 600 metres from apartment millionnaya 19 , while state russian museum is 700 metres from the property .
free wifi is available throughout the property and free private parking is available on site .
a buffet of sweet italian food is served at breakfast each morning .
free wifi access is available .
the kaprun thermal baths , a sailing school , library , tennis courts , bike rental , mini golf and horse riding facilities are all available within a 3 km radius .
the comfortable rooms are decorated with a mixture of rustic and romantic furniture .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a bath .
palace d ’ anfa is located on boulevard d ' anfa , just a 5 - minute drive from hassan ii mosque .
rooms include a flat - screen tv , and a popular breakfast buffet is served daily .
the unit provides city , harbour and mountain views .
free private parking is available on site .
they are also equipped with an lcd tv , electric kettle and private bathroom with bath and shower .
riu palace bonanza playa is situated on the seafront in illetas , just 7 km from palma .
ahuzat ohalei shalom offers accommodation in umanʼ .
you can enjoy garden view from the room .
there is an indoor pool and a hot tub available to guests staying at the country inn and suites shepherdsville .
offering an outdoor pool and a restaurant , hôtel " u pozzu " is located in evisa .
there is also a heliport .
the lemon flat is located in trapani , just a 5 - minute walk from the coast and its beaches .
free wi - fi access is available throughout the apartment .
it is possible to relax in hotel marini ' s equipped terrace , or go for hiking and biking excursions .
the famous beach of armação de pêra is 15 km away and faro international airport is 47 km away .
rooms are spacious , featuring wooden furnishings and en suite bathrooms .
bathrooms feature a shower or a bathtub .
halech beach is just over half a mile from the property and the royal st david ' s golf club is a 5 - minute drive away .
all rooms include a private bathroom .
there is a supermarket less than 1 km from the complex .
day trips and sightseeing arrangements can be made at the on - site tour desk .
the property features the terrazza gastrobar restaurant .
a 2 - car parking garage is included . a clothes washer and tumble dryer are available for convenience .
free wi - fi and a 24 - hour reception are featured at сozy place hostel .
rooms have a private bathroom equipped with a bidet .
the nearest airport is tokyo haneda international airport , 4 km from kelly business hotel .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk with luggage storage and currency exchange services at the property .
a14 motorway is within 1 km away .
facilities include a safe , a fridge and an electric kettle .
argostoli , the capital of kefalonia , is 5 km away from the complex .
the bathroom at cottage mäntykallio includes a shower , washing machine and hairdryer .
each is fitted with a microwave , tea / coffee maker and satellite flat - screen tv .
britt scripps inn features a flat - screen tv in every unique guest room .
concierge service , daily maid service and currency exchange can be requested at the 24 - hour front desk .
shops and restaurants can also be found within 1 . 3 km .
most units come with a fully equipped kitchenette featuring a microwave .
free wifi access is available .
microwaves and refrigerators are standard in obertal inn rooms .
the apartment colombare teboi also includes a shared garden , where you can relax .
podgorica is 40 km from dvosoban stan zlatne njive , while cavtat is 48 km from the property .
free wi - fi access is available in all areas .
belongings can be stored in the personal safe .
arabella ’ s comfortable apartments are decorated in either classic or modern alpine style , and offer beautiful views of the surrounding mountain landscape .
on the ground floor , there is a bar restaurant where a variety of greek and international cuisine is served for breakfast , lunch and dinner .
guests at chambres d ' hôtes domaine d ' augy have access to the communal living area and a kitchen equipped with coffee machine , fridge and microwave .
a business centre with computers and printers is available at dallas hyatt place .
the family - managed ciasa weber is 300 metres from the stop of the free ski bus connecting to the alpe lusia slopes .
the hostel has a shared kitchen for guests ’ use , and there is a barbecue on the terrace .
villa tangerine vis is situated 300 metres from prirovo pebbly beach and 600 metres from vis ferry port , which offers links to split .
hiking in the scenic upland region is a popular leisure activity in the area .
seattle - tacoma international airport is 26 . 8 km away .
the 24 - hour front desk can store luggage , handle dry cleanings and provide tourist information .
an outdoor pool is available for guest relaxation .
the apartment is 1 . 4 km from verona arena .
laundry and room service are available .
the property is 5 miles from point park and 3 miles from the border of tennessee and georgia .
relax in tranquil surroundings , admiring the glorious views of the towy valley , which can be enjoyed from all 23 modern , well - appointed , en suite bedrooms .
a flat - screen cable tv , dvd player , and ipod dock is featured in each bedroom at this holiday home .
ria lakes ski lift is at a distance of 17 km .
the accommodation will provide you with air conditioning and a minibar .
currency exchange services are provided at the 24 - hour front desk .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including fishing , hiking and snorkelling . .
shuttle services are available from the hotel to reno - tahoe international airport , 3 miles away .
a 24 - hour front desk is available at deluxe inn – knoxville for guests ’ convenience . the property also offers free parking and can accommodate large trucks .
comillas and oyambre nature reserve are within 15 minutes ’ drive away .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
the property offers free parking .
set in manila , 3 km from smart araneta coliseum , apartment at m place quezon city boasts an outdoor pool and terrace .
other facilities include public area wifi and a large , furnished garden with bbq .
a buffet breakfast is provided each morning in the bright conservatory of the gartenhotel luisenhof .
in summer pension mühlbachhof is an ideal base for hikers , cyclists and motorcyclists .
free private parking is also available at this apartment .
the bathroom is fitted with a shower .
free parking is provided .
the building , which has benefited from a full refurbishment conducted on may 2015 , is 26 km from jorge chavez international airport .
the property offers free parking .
bicycles can be rented at the property .
there is a full a kitchenette with a dishwasher and a microwave . featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a bath .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with free toiletries .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
located in the city centre , the marine hotel enjoys good public transport links .
each unit will provide you with a minibar , electric kettle and coffee machine .
each bungalow is equipped with a fan , a mosquito net , and shower facilities .
the staff at the tour desk can assist in booking diving / snorkeling trips , village tours and trips to the bouma national park which is a 90 - minute drive away .
the private bathroom has a shower .
kitchens include an oven , hob , fridge / freezer and a microwave , whilst all kitchenware is provided .
the chalet provides a ski storage closet and there is a covered bicycle rack next to the house .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
extras include slippers and a hairdryer .
the bacau train station is 1 . 5 km away .
rooms come equipped with a minibar and satellite tv . the private bathrooms include a hairdryer .
breakfast at il borghetto country inn includes local products and homemade cakes , and is served in the garden .
guests can cook in the kitchen equipped with fridge , stove , microwave and electric kettle , and there is also a snack bar on site .
there is also a 990 square meters natural plot .
guests can also enjoy a meal at the hotel ' s restaurant , alto gusto ristorante , which provide italian dishes cooked with fresh italian produce .
guests can relax in sauna and small indoor swimming pool and barbecue facilities are available .
featuring free bikes and wifi in public areas , mirò b & b is located in gaeta , just 80 metres from the seafront .
wake up to the alameda ' s delicious breakfast buffet before exploring the city ' s countless attractions and entertainment venues .
with modern décor , elena villa consists of an open - plan living and dining area .
free wifi is provided .
each room is equipped with cable tv and a private bathroom .
set in a traditional asturian house dating back to the 19th century , casa de aldea riosol features a garden and a children ' s playground , and offers rooms with flat - screen tv and free wifi in a estrada .
the private bathroom is complete with a shower , free toiletries and hairdryer .
located in primošten , just in front of a beach , villa gloss offers an infinity swimming pool , free wifi access and a terrace with sea views and outdoor furniture .
horse riding excursions and bike rental can be arranged upon request .
many shops , restaurants and bars are within walking distance .
set in anzio , la mosca bianca offers a garden , terrcae and modern - style rooms with balcony .
the weirs drive - in theatre is less than 1 mile from the motel .
the bungalows are fully air conditioned , featuring large windows that allow much natural light in .
james polk home is 4 miles from this hotel in columbia , tennessee .
family mall is a 2 - minute walk away .
this rustic - style hotel is 11 km from the a5 motorway and a 20 - minute drive from the italian - french border .
affittacamere the tramp is located in la spezia , a 10 - minute walk from the seafront .
featuring a bath , the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer .
the on - site tour desk offers various guided tours , and it is possible to watch a tv or to have a chat in a shared living room .
old town square is 2 km from apartment jim , while prague astronomical clock is 2 km from the property .
rooms here are all fitted with heating , bed linen and a terrace .
an oven , a microwave and a refrigerator can be found in the kitchen and there is a private bathroom .
nearby tourist destinations such as the towns of šibenik , split , trogir and national parks krka and kornati are easily reached from rogozinica .
it offers free wi - fi and apartments with air conditioning and modern furnishings .
rooms have a zen décor with sliding paper screens , floor cushions , and japanese futon bedding on a tatami ( woven - straw ) floor .
free wi - fi and complimentary private parking are also available on site .
various parks can be visited within a radius of 1 km .
it can accommodate four people .
sveti stefan is 6 km from apartment stefans , while tq plaza is 200 metres away .
most rooms have a balcony , with views of the madonna delle lacrime church or the syracuse skyline and ionian sea .
free wifi access is available in all areas .
the coliseum is reachable in 2 metro stops , while termini train station is 4 stops from the property .
an indoor pool and hot tub are available at madison hotel sheraton .
best western plus sunrise serves a full buffet breakfast is each day .
the hotel is just 800 metres from ondarreta beach but day excursions can also be organised to nearby cities , such as biarritz .
a well - equipped kitchenette with cooking hobs , a fridge and electric kettle is included in each air - conditioned studio . they come with a dining area , tv and safe and feature views of the garden , mountain or aegean sea .
a bathroom with a bath comes standard .
home - cooked meals can be enjoyed in the apartment ’ s dining area , while restaurants and cafés are a 5 - minute walk away .
free wifi is offered throughout the property and free private parking is available on site .
at diyamba beach resort , you will find a common lounge area .
you can enjoy a mountain view and a river view from all the rooms .
varde city centre is located 25 km from the resort .
it provides a communal guest kitchen and laundry room for guests .
it is a 44 - minute drive from chambord castle , a 50 - minute drive from chiverny castle and 1 hour ' s drive from blois .
all rooms are fitted with a tv .
admella ' s bistro offers delicious lunch on monday to saturdays , plus breakfast and dinner 7 days a week .
set nearby the sacred valley of tulipe , urcu de mindo lodge features an outdoor pool , tropical gardens and free wi - fi in public areas .
a hearty german breakfast is served every morning in the sunny breakfast room .
that means you can easily explore the island .
wallaceville train station is just 650 metres away .
just 2 km from the nearest beach , it features 2 outdoor swimming pools and a restaurant .
rome fiumicino airport is 25 km away .
a washing machine and an iron are included .
free wifi is available .
a shuttle service can be arranged upon request for an additional fee .
the en - suite bathroom is fitted with a shower .
located on the baltic sea island of usedom , this superior hotel in heringsdorf offers a spa with indoor pool , spacious rooms , and regional cuisine .
with a stone façade , the apartments offer bright bedrooms and a living - dining room with a tv and open - plan kitchen including a stove and microwave .
it is an ideal start point for exploring belgrade by night .
it is about 1 . 5 km from the unesco - protected historic core of trogir , where you can visit the kamerlengo fortress and trogir cathedral .
just 5 metres from the coast , apartments krivokapic offers self - catering accommodation with a private patio and panoramic views of boka bay .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including canoeing , horse riding and fishing .
metres away from a green forest and pebbly beach , hotel pula offers an small outdoor pool and a gym with a sauna . guests can benefit from a jogging trail and tennis courts that can be found in the vicinity .
the hotel offers elegant accommodation with free wifi access throughout .
a flat - screen tv is provided .
a launderette offers both self - serve and drop - off options .
sharm el - sheikh international airport is located 4 km away .
hotel laguna mar is an hour ’ s drive from samara town , while liberia airport is a 3 - hour drive away .
soak up the evening sun in a hammock .
situated a 5 - minute drive away is the ho chi minh mausoleum , one pillar pagoda and temple of literature .
you can fire up the barbecue for a tasty meal and enjoy the garden in fair weather .
guests can rent boats and fishing equipment on site .
the property offers free parking .
a balcony or patio are featured in certain rooms .
it is 17 km from the city of ruffec and 8 km from the local lake where you can fish .
the john grief local airport is a 7 - minute drive from the resort .
additional features include free private parking .
free wifi is offered throughout the property .
guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant .
city over monte carlo offers self - catering apartment in beausoleil .
this residence is on teatinos campus , where the university of málaga is situated and offers easy access to all the faculties , palacio de congresos , palacio de justicia and the technological park .
various cafes and bars are a 15 - minute walk from obolon hotel .
the bar offers alcoholic and non - alcoholic drinks .
all rooms are beautifully decorated and well - appointed with bathroom amenities and a hospitality tray .
a 3 - minute walk will take you to the sandy baltic sea beach .
thus , the aim of stil hotel is to satisfy the demands of those who travel for business or pleasure .
rooms have a traditional alpine design and a furnished balcony with views .
there is a full kitchen with an oven and a refrigerator .
camp de l ’ arpa metro station is 150 metres from the apartments and the sagrada familia is a 15 - minute walk away .
the accommodation has a terrace and a flat - screen tv .
the hotel de compostelle features 23 spacious , bright and air - conditioned rooms , including 3 family suites .
the hotel is located 600 metres from belo horizonte bus station .
each room comes with a tv , wardrobe and tiled floor .
the marmot basin ski area is 30 km away .
the property is situated 3 blocks from downtown area and offers free parking onsite .
the hotel offers bike hire .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with a bidet .
at swept away guesthouse you will find a garden , barbecue facilities and a shared kitchen .
other facilities offered at the property include games room and luggage storage .
the next restaurant can be found 150 metres from the apart garni , while the next grocery shop is 900 metres away .
holiday home skovbrynet tarm iv is located in falen and can accommodate up to six guests .
extras include slippers and free toiletries .
all have a private bathroom and free wifi .
public parking is available within walking distance , free of charge .
the colourful villa comes with 2 double bedrooms , 3 bedrooms with single beds and 3 bathrooms with shower and hairdryer .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower and a hairdryer .
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
other facilities offered at the property include a children ' s playground .
the restaurant is connected by an inner corridor to the chalets and serves a combination of italian and international dishes and specialities from the valtelline valley .
originally built in 1756 , trafford hall offers a collection of eco - chalets set amongst 14 acres of woodland .
it also has a wonderful view of the city or the hotel gardens from the floor - to - ceiling windows .
it offers rooms with a balcony , a minibar and free wifi .
some rooms also include a balcony .
itu bus station is 9 km away and the city centre can be reached within a 25 - minute drive .
the private bathrooms have a shower , and hairdryers are available on request .
the property offers car rental , as well as organizes airport shuttle services at an extra charge .
it has a free parking .
the hotel ’ s tour desk helps guests organise excursions to tourist attractions .
towels and bed linen are offered in this apartment .
hotel villa orlandi is only a 5 - minute walk from both the adriatic sea coast and gatteo a mare train station .
several walking and cycling routes are in the direct area of the property .
some rooms also offer sea or city views .
taiping international airport is about 50 minutes ' drive away .
donnery golf club is a 15 - minute drive from the property .
guests can enjoy city view from all the rooms .
some include a fan .
legnica cathedral is 3 . 4 km from hotel legnicki & restauracja , while art gallery is 3 . 4 km away .
milan linate airport in 6 km away .
the rooms at the knoxville crowne plaza hotel include warm colors and hardwood furniture .
apartments at platana apart hotel feature air conditioning , a balcony and a seating area .
covered by free wifi , all rooms in xiamen jingbang hotel are equipped with a flat - screen tv , a balcony with views , and a private bathroom comes with free toiletries , a hairdryer and slippers .
sanglung villas private pool is a 15 - minute drive from air sanih beach , 1 - hour drive from lovina beach and a 2 . 5 - hour drive from ngurah rai international airport .
set directly on a private beach , guest house adriatic pearl offers a sun terrace , barbecue facilities and free wi - fi .
casa din noua is located just 2 minute on foot from the aqua park .
this air - conditioned apartment has a spacious fully equipped kitchen with a breakfast bar and a dining setting .
each room here will provide you with a tv , air conditioning and a balcony . bathrooms are private .
this salzkammergut guesthouse is a 4 - minute walk from the centre of the village and a 20 - minute drive from the city of salzburg .
each room features simple décor and includes a clock radio .
there are sea , garden or river views from each .
good public transport links are available for turin centre .
guest at termas hotel cristal can enjoy the garden , fitness centre and free bikes available .
you will find a kettle in the room .
set on the ground floor , the spacious apartment features a living area with a flat - screen tv and cable channels and a ipod dock with phone charger .
hotel toscana features many historic elements , including the wooden staircase and part of the half - timbered façade .
ski storage and a ski waxing area is available at the motel .
both oriental and western breakfast are offered by the hotel .
featuring a shower , the bathroom also comes with a hairdryer .
within 10 km of the hotel there are 2 separate golf clubs .
horizon stage performing arts center is 10 minutes ’ drive away . west edmonton core is less than 40 minutes ’ drive from the hotel .
located in wadduwa , magic seashell villa is 57 km from bandaranaike international airport .
set on 2 levels , this spacious self - catering holiday home offers a private terrace and a shared garden featuring bbq facilities .
noen city is located in ulan - ude , 1 bus stop from city centre .
the spa and wellness centre opens every day from 10 : 00 until 20 : 00 and features a sauna and turkish bath .
the family - run hotel miramar – são pedro de moel offers a hilltop location in são pedro de moel , 200 metres from the beach .
offering free admission to over 120 excursions , the genuss card is included in the room rate .
the unit features a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
at nk house you will find a garden , barbecue facilities and a terrace .
emerald park motel is situated directly across the central highlands visitor information centre and within 5 minutes ' walk from the emerald showgrounds and restaurants , cafes , and fast food stores .
breakfast is a sweet and savoury buffet of cold cut and jam , but also local dairy produce and egg dishes .
guests can recharge with a workout at the hotel ' s fitness centre or play a round of tennis at the courts available .
hotel condado de miranda features a rustic design with stone walls and tile roofs .
linen and towels are provided .
located in rome , rome ostiense is 400 metres from piramide metro station .
each room here will provide you with a flat - screen tv and air conditioning . the private bathrooms come with a bath or shower .
some have 2 bathrooms .
every room at this hotel is air conditioned and has a flat - screen tv with cable channels .
the on - site sauna and private parking are available for free .
set under the roof or on the lower floors with bay windows looking out onto the park , they are all equipped with wi - fi access .
aromatherapy bathroom amenities , bathrobes and slippers are provided .
there is a restaurants within a short walk .
izhevsk airport is 11 km away .
free on - site parking is available for added convenience .
each room comes with a private bathroom .
a washing machine is provided .
the property offers free parking .
many trekking trails start from the hotel .
you can enjoy a garden view from the home .
it offers large bedrooms with en suite bathrooms , free wi - fi and free parking .
la spezia train station , with connections to the unesco cinque terre national park , is a 10 - minute walk away .
the restaurant and bar offers california coastal cuisine at the roadhouse inn davenport .
the dedicated staff is happy to provide you with any information concerning restaurants , sights and belgrade ' s famous night life for a pleasurable and successful stay full of new impressions .
the property is just 500 metres from the kaleto fortress and a 10 - minute walk from the town centre .
freedom square is 5 km from natali ' s place , while heroes square is 2 km away .
activities in the surrounding area include skiing , cycling and hiking .
hotel tayka de sal is 3 hours from uyuni airport by car .
situated on the first floor boglárka apartman features a private entrance , a seating area , a tv with cable channels , a fully equipped kitchen , a cd - player and ironing facilities .
each of the air - conditioned rooms at de orangerie benefits from a flat - screen tv with cable channels and a marble bathroom with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
there is a grocery shop available 200 metres away , while a fish restaurant can be reached in a few steps .
free wi - fi is provided at the lobby .
guests can prepare their meals in the fully - equipped kitchen .
the towns of kavala and komotini are both approximately 55 km away .
guests at los mimbres hotel can enjoy use of the outdoor pool , or book a guided regional excursion .
merano is reached by a bus stopping a 2 - minute walk from the property .
decorated with warm colours , the rooms feature large windows , a private bathroom with a shower , heating , and a ceiling fan .
nestled in the picturesque seaside village of isola rossa , these self - catering apartments come with a balcony , patio or small garden .
guests at buena vista can tour around the historic neighbourhood , visit the 1750s yanahuara church , the square and the famous viewpoint " mirador de yanahuara ", only 4 blocks from the hotel .
the apartment comes with a well - equipped kitchen .
rooms are equipped with a work area and canal + satellite tv .
the private bathroom is fitted with a shower and a hairdryer is also provided .
safety deposit service is available at jj residence .
agios nikolaos port is 2 km away where boats depart for day trips to the famous blue caves and the shipwreck .
the nearest airport is tivat airport , 15 km from apartment adelisa 1 .
located in hamra district , silver city apartments offers a 24 - hour front desk . guests can make use of the free wi - fi in the entire hotel .
haraki dream view lies within a short walk of restaurants , cafes and mini markets .
the guest house also offers car hire .
the florio is a 20 - minute walk from palermo central station and the cathedral .
the property offers a garden and sun terrace .
each room has a private bathroom and a tv .
breakfast is served buffet style .
dormitories at alma mía hospedaje & meditación include shared bathrooms and fans .
this eco - friendly bed and breakfast offers air - conditioned accommodation and a continental breakfast .
with good access to the a7 motorway , the hotel is just 15 minutes ’ drive from málaga airport .
aberdeen mall , thompson rivers university residence and conference centre and the tournament capital centre are all within 10 minutes ' drive away .
overlooking the indian ocean and bazaruto archipelago islands , casa rex boutique hotel is situated in vilanculos .
the hotel also offers car hire .
many shops , restaurants and lively bars can be found in the streets around the torre coral condominio .
kitchenware , towels and bed linen are provided at konnos galini holidays .
featuring a bath with a shower attachment , the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer .
guests can relax in the beer garden , which also boasts scenic views .
the property is a 10 - minute drive to central plaza and transportation can be arranged .
offering a barbecue and ski storage space , pid goroyu is set in chorna tysa in the transcarpathia region , 9 km from bukovel . free wifi is provided throughout the property and free private parking is available on site .
a daily continental breakfast is provided .
located in seattle ’ s historic district , this hotel features an onsite café . pike place fish market and the seattle arts museum are within 20 minutes ’ walk of this seattle hotel .
a flat - screen tv with cable channels , as well as an ipod docking station are provided .
every morning a fresh breakfast buffet is served at alpinhotel berchtesgaden , and in the evenings guests can relax with a drink on the terrace .
free wifi access is available .
you will find a shared kitchen at the property .
the double bedroom has a flat - screen tv , desk , hairdryer and tea and coffee facilities .
they are equipped with tv , while some also have a fireplace and air conditioning .
furio camillo is just 350 metres from rome ' s furio camillo metro , offering links to san giovanni , the spanish steps , vatican museums and roma termini .
all accommodation is located on the ground floor , offering easy access to the free on - site parking area .
refreshing beverages and live entertainment can be enjoyed at veranda bar .
at surya home stay you will find a garden and a bar .
the restaurant serves a variety of local dishes and beverages .
free wifi is offered throughout the property .
set in dubrovnik , 1 . 4 km from dubrovnik old town - pile gate , room lady o features free wifi access and private parking .
rooms are styled in dark coloured wood furnishings and white coloured linens .
the property offers free parking .
vinoteca offers a warehouse with selected wines .
its restaurant is available on reservation and offers specialities from aosta valley .
free private parking is available on site .
a fresh breakfast buffet is available each morning at weingut magdalenenhof , and the restaurant serves a range of regional specialities from wednesdays - sundays .
benefit from free private parking facilities .
a tv is featured .
the nearest airport is malaga airport , 42 km from pinos de nagüeles .
free wifi and free private parking are provided .
the front desk is available 24 hours a day free parking is provided on site .
a breakfast buffet is served in the light and airy breakfast room overlooking the landscaped gardens with a lap pool .
the property has water sports facilities and car hire is available .
carpeted rooms feature heating and a wardrobe .
the chalet val 2400 bar is open in the evenings and guests can relax in the hotel ’ s sauna .
towels and bed linen are available in this self - catering accommodation .
the queen tamar airport is 2 . 8 km away .
buffet breakfast is served in the morning .
for your business meeting or private events , the grand hôtel moderne features 2 fully equipped meeting / function rooms .
for your comfort , you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer .
free wi - fi access is available in all areas .
a cross - country skiing trail can be found next to the apart tyrolis , and the nearest ski lift is 4 minutes ’ walk away .
the on - site restaurant serves a daily buffet breakfast .
rooms here will provide you with a tv , air conditioning and a balcony . extras include a safety deposit box .
the spa offers massages with a view of the sea , a fitness room and aqua gym .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including skiing and cycling .
the property offers free wifi access in the unit and private parking on site .
the bathroom comes with a shower .
apartment na matrosova offers accommodation in smolensk , 3 km from the city centre .
army historic museum and fort of copacabana is 2 km from the property , while botafogo beach is 2 . 5 km .
guests can enjoy the on - site bar .
located in pembroke pines , florida , this apartment features a community swimming pool and fully equipped kitchen . free internet is included .
each has an lcd tv with cable channels and a hairdryer .
the private bathroom comes with a hairdryer and toiletries .
they have a classic design with tiled floors and wrought iron beds .
guests can use the kitchen at their unit to cook for themselves .
breakfast is available each day to the waverly cottage and includes coffee , juice , local pastry or bread , local fruit , cereal and eggs .
miami international airport is 25 minutes ’ drive from these apartments .
rooms offering sea views and free wifi are available at shobetan ' s place . 100 metres from the rizal memorial sports complex , the property has an indoor pool and its own restaurant .
the colourful rooms of the village inn of lakefield provide a flat - screen tv and refrigerator .
the nearest airport is volgograd international airport , 15 km from the property .
the city warehouse aparthotel is a 10 - minute walk from the arndale centre .
the metro station provides links to the centre of st . petersburg and the lively nevskiy prospekt .
reservations are recommended .
with children and adult pools and free wi - fi in the lobby , pousada ilha náutica offers accommodation 1 , 5 km from florianópolis ’ moçambique beach .
the nearest airport is pulkovo airport , 14 km from philisa na neve .
the property offers free public parking on the road .
millennium beach park is 3 minutes ’ walk away .
many rooms have a balcony .
the apartments come with fully equipped kitchens , tea and coffee making facilities and balconies .
you can engage in various activities , such as snorkelling and diving .
each apartment has access to a glazed veranda overlooking the mountains .
liangjiang international airport is about 2 . 5 hours ' drive away .
the le vieux grenier restaurant serves traditional dishes from val d ' aosta and boasts an extensive wine list .
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
guests can enjoy gourmet food prepared with seasonal ingredients at the on - site pacific ’ s edge restaurant . drinks and cocktails are served in the lounge bar , featuring floor - to - ceiling windows .
hotel hanuwant also provides meeting / banquet facilities upon request .
aberdeen art gallery is 600 metres from the royal crown guest house , while aberdeen harbour is 700 metres away .
the christiansburg budget inn offers express check - in and check - out as well as free parking .
the charming building retains the cosiness of a traditional swedish home .
rooms at hotel la camelia are equipped with flat - screen cable tv and have minibars , dining areas and private bathrooms with showers .
louis armstrong airport is 89 km away .
featuring an indoor swimming pool and hot tub , this custer , south dakota hotel is just 20 minutes ’ drive from mount rushmore national monument .
guests can cook their meal in the private kitchen .
guests can enjoy a meal at the neighboring off - site cafes and restaurants across the road in the village .
free luggage storage is available .
omnibusz apartman offers an apartment with free wifi , located 300 metres from the city park and 1 . 2 km from the heroes square in budapest .
room service is also available upon request .
shops and restaurants can be found within 1 km .
this unique ice hotel is located on st . helen ’ s island , 5 km from montreal city centre .
facilities offered on site include a ticket service , a luggage storage and free wifi in public areas .
free private parking is available on site .
private parking is available on site . you can find an outdoor pool with sun beds and a children ' s playground on site .
pachá nightclub is 15 minutes ’ walk away .
waldorf underground station is 800 metres from hotel zum dorfbrunnen , and offers direct access to cologne and bonn .
the hotel offers free on - site parking .
it also features a furnished terrace .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
guests also enjoy the convenience of a 24 - hour reception .
the motel is 2 . 3 km from palm aire country club and 2 . 6 km from isle of capri casino and race track .
feast on a buffet spread at flavours restaurant or have a healthy treat at green treats delicatessen , which offers freshly baked organic breads , wholesome sandwiches , selection of noodles , cakes , gourmet teas and coffees .
bali denpasar international airport is 5 km from the property .
a flat - screen tv with satellite channels is available .
blu mare is set in one of ponza ' s main streets , just a short walk from shops , cafés and restaurants .
the property also features a garden , barbecue facilities and a terrace .
you can also request packed lunches and enjoy a wide range of different drinks at the hotel ’ s own bar .
the property boasts views of the mountains .
the myrtle beach resort hilton also places guests close to many area attractions , including the house of blues .
the chef prepares moroccan cuisine using only local produce , and you can enjoy a traditional mint tea after dinner .
a tennis court is a 10 - minute drive away , and mayrhofen is 10 km away .
bed linen and towels are provided , and a washing machine is available .
the bright hotel rooms come with a flat - screen tv . most rooms include a private bathroom .
hotel sahara is right in front of a natural reserve and 7 km from villa gesell airport .
long market is 700 metres from apartament danziger , while long bridge is 700 metres away .
featuring a shower , the private bathrooms also come with towels .
it is only a mile from the m ( a ) 74 , m6 and a75 , giving easy access to glasgow , dumfries & carlisle .
an oven and a microwave can be found in the kitchen .
best western wheelers hill international motor inn is located a 20 - minute drive from melbourne ' s cbd .
birth of christ cathedral is 3 . 4 km from apartment on alecu russo 3 / 2 , while cathedral park is 3 . 4 km from the property .
each room and suite is air conditioned and some have access to the internal patio .
other facilities of the hotel include a spa with massage services , an airport shuttle and free private parking upon request . guests can enjoy daily afternoon tea , and complimentary 30 - minute back and shoulder massage .
the nearest airport is hervey bay airport , 3 km from the property .
parquet flooring and wooden furnishings feature in the individually decorated rooms .
there are shops at the property .
gdansk lech walesa airport is 42 km from the property .
guesthouse mari features free wifi throughout the property .
wi - fi access and parking are provided for free .
the main square is a 15 - minute walk away .
the sierra nevada ’ s ski lifts can be reached in 90 minutes by car .
you are invited to visit the aveyron gorges , which are 35 km away .
the well - decorated rooms come with free wired internet .
guests can enjoy a buffet breakfast each morning in the breakfast room .
banyan tree ringha is 1 km from dabao temple , 9km from tiansheng bridge scenic resort and 22 km from pudacuo national park .
the historic recoleta cemetery and puerto madero , the city ’ s trendy district are approximately a 10 - minute taxi drive away .
private bathrooms also come with towels and linen .
inside , there is a spacious lounge and a business centre .
most have a balcony .
the 24 - hour front desk can arrange laundry and luggage storage services .
the property is a 10 - minute drive from the valle de aguascalientes industrial park and a 2 - minute walk from the altaria shopping centre .
there is a dining area and a kitchen . a tv is provided .
featuring a balcony and parquet floors , each room comes with a tv .
it offers free wi - fi and air - conditioned rooms .
located on the esplanade , cairns aquarius boasts 2 outdoor pools , a tennis court and a hot tub . it offers self - contained apartments with free wi - fi and full or partial ocean views .
offering an outdoor pool , this apartment is 500 metres from maspalomas dunes and 300 metres from yumbo centrum shopping centre in playa del ingles .
modern air - conditioned rooms are furnished with a flat - screen satellite tv , a minibar , seating area and tea / coffee making facilities .
a few metres from the beach and 2 . 5 km from rethymno town , summer dream in missiria features a swimming pool and a sun terrace .
each room is equipped with a private bathroom .
the portuguese sierra de san mamede nature reserve is set only 300 metres from the property .
the studio provides a terrace and an independent entrance .
an italian - style breakfast is available daily and includes cereal , cappuccinos , and pastries .
guests staying at this property will also find a 24 - hour front desk where the professional staff can help guests to arrange laundry service and access to meeting / banquet facility at additional charges .
other facilities at pie draugiem include a sauna .
one apartment is located in the attic .
an underground car park is provided as well .
guests enjoy a free fiemme - motion guest card , including some leisure activities , public transport and access to several museums and nature parks .
every room has a tv . you will find a kettle in the room .
the on site restaurant serves chinese buffet dishes for breakfast .
this studio apartment consists of a living room , a kitchen and a bathroom .
on - demand massages are also available .
there is a dining area and a kitchen complete with an oven , a microwave and toaster .
free private parking is possible on site and taghazout is a 6 - minute drive away .
car and bike rental are arranged on request .
a flat - screen tv and blu - ray player is offered .
it is now a modern meeting room .
messezimmer 4 u 2 offers free wifi , cable tv and pretty garden views .
situated near the centre of athens , hotel new victory offers value for money accommodation , just a few metres from the train and bus stations and within close proximity to all major city attractions .
hilton garden inn hershey features an indoor pool and on - site fitness centre .
it includes a satellite flat - screen tv and washing machine .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
set overlooking the tranquil puerto naos beach , this 4 - star hotel complex is located in a small town on the west coast of the island of la palma .
paraty bus station is 1 . 2 km from pousada aldeia paratii , while paraty airport is 1 . 9 km away .
guests can enjoy discounted rates at a partner private beach .
shops and restaurants can be found within 500 m from the house .
plaza de espana is 3 . 9 km from apartamento beli , while tivoli world is 1 . 3 km away .
this self - catering , split - level property offers bbq facilities and free wifi throughout .
some suites have a large seating area .
maidan nezalezhnosti square is less than 1 km from the property .
the hotel bar provides a relaxing environment to unwind with a drink after a day exploring central london .
it boasts an outdoor pool , snack bar , fitness room and free wi - fi access .
free private parking is available on site .
český krumlov is 65 km from gasthaus - pension sonnenhof , while bad leonfelden is 42 km from the property .
tuvesvik is 95 km from the city of gothenburg .
each one of them comes with a private bathroom , a fully equipped kitchen , and a washing machine .
lagoa de saquarema lagoon and saquarema bus station are both located 800 metres from spazio itaúna hostel . the itaúna market is around the corner .
the private bathroom comes with a bath or shower .
there are many shops and restaurants in the area .
vorderjetzbachhof is quietly located in maria alm am steinernen meer , 200 metres from the abergbahn ski lift , and features accommodation with mountain views , a shared balcony and free private parking .
apartamentos cala llevadó offers a range of water sports , including sailing and scuba diving . there is also a mini golf course and a table tennis table .
your bright , warmly decorated apartment at villa seefisch includes a living area with flat - screen tv .
free continental breakfast and free wifi are available to guests of this hotel .
grocery shops and restaurants can be reached by foot and free wifi access is provided in the accommodation .
downtown salt lake city and its many attractions are just minutes away .
located 600 metres from agios lazaros byzantine museum in larnaca , this apartment features free wifi . the air - conditioned unit is 600 metres from agios lazaros square .
room service serves a variety of indian cuisines .
a continental breakfast is served in moderna ’ s restaurant .
centrally located on the gippsland gourmet food trail , yarragon motel offers air - conditioned rooms with private bathroom and kitchenette .
the simple 4 - bedroom apartments include a fridge , tea / coffee facilities and a bathroom with shower .
the beautiful tatra national park is located only 1 km away .
breakfast can be ordered to the apartment in advance .
leisurely afternoons can be spent laying on the beach or indulging in pampering treatments at the spa .
there are also various supermarkets within 5 minutes ’ walk of playa chica
amfibius water park is 2 km from apartment na kirpichnaya , while aquatoria dolphinarium is 2 . 6 km from the property .
alushta is 19 km from usadba magnoliia .
towels and bed linen are offered in this self - catering accommodation .
it offers spacious rooms and a restaurant which serves regional cuisine .
located in a pedestrian area in taormina , 1 . 4 km from isola bella , porta di mezzo luxury b & b features air - conditioned rooms with sicilian - style décor and free wifi throughout the property .
the luxurious nagari health and beauty spa offers a gym , hot tub and turkish bath .
the popular sokcho beach is under a 10 - minute east and seoraksan national park is a 20 - minute drive west .
the restaurant serves mediterranean cuisine and south tyrol specialities at dinner .
free wi - fi access is provided .
classically furnished rooms are air conditioned and include a v with cable channels and a private bathroom with a hairdryer .
the next restaurant is 1 km away .
situated 50 metres from the sandy beach of psili ammos in tolo , family - run hotel elenas features rooms with free wi - fi and a furnished balcony overlooking the argolic gulf .
featuring cable tv , each en suite room at newport bay motel is equipped with tea and coffee making facilities , a fridge and microwave .
situated in carvoeiro , 4 . 4 km from algar seco - carvoeiro , quinta do rosal features an outdoor pool with a sun terrace and free wifi in the properties . carvoeiro beach is 5 km away .
featuring free wi - fi in all areas , the hotel is surrounded with shopping and business areas .
the air - conditioned suites and studios at hotel flamboyanes feature colourful décor and traditional wooden furniture .
a shared equipped kitchen and a common living room are provided to guests .
a personal safe and a wardrobe are included . the en suite bathroom comes with hot and cold water supply .
free private parking is available on site .
the nearest airport is larnaca international airport , 33 km from zavos napa blue apartments .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling .
extras include bed linen and a fan .
there is a direct bus going there from a local bus stop 200 metres away .
air - conditioned rooms at maritim hotel come with flat - screen satellite tv . the private bathroom includes a bathtub , hairdryer , and free toiletries .
every room is equipped with a shared bathroom fitted with a shower .
each unit is fitted with a shared bathroom with a bath or shower .
the eden hotel is 300 metres from a cycle / hiking route which follows the river panaro from san donnino di modena to casona di marano .
seating facilities and a fridge are also in the rooms .
you can enjoy a mountain view from this accommodation .
inter - hotel le luy de béarn is located on the edge of pau , in the town of serres castet .
sea breeze beach hotel ’ s air - conditioned rooms offer an ipod docking station , flat - screen tv with satellite channels , a safety deposit box and a mini - fridge .
it offers accommodation in rooms and cottages .
the spacious guest bedrooms are elegant in style , with 2 featuring neutral décor and one decorated using blue shades .
all rooms have air conditioning and cable tv .
breakfast is provided each morning .
morelia ’ s old town , a unesco world heritage site , has a range of restaurants , bars and cafés .
a delicious all - you - can - eat breakfast is served daily , featuring traditional cooked items .
supermarkets , restaurants and bars can be found within walking distance thanks to the property ’ s central location .
this pet - friendly motel also offers a 24 - hour front desk and laundry facilities .
a mini market is conveniently located on site . complimentary wi - fi is provided in public areas of the property .
trooditissa monastery is at a distance of 24 km .
husein sastranegara airport is 5 km away .
there is a spacious living - dining area with satellite tv and dvd player , and cal rei petit has 1 double room and 2 twin rooms , as well as 2 bathrooms .
guests can enjoy meals at the on - site restaurant .
some rooms feature a fireplace and a bath tub .
it offers spacious , self - catering accommodation with private balcony and free wi - fi .
there is a private bathroom with a bath in each unit .
airport shuttle is possible at a surcharge .
located in jutigny , gite le moulin du gouaix offers a self - catering house with a private garden and bbq facilities .
the portoss is located in a wooden building from 1901 .
the apartments include an open - plan living area with a sofa bed and a kitchen including a stove , oven , and a large counter .
the property offers free parking .
free wi - fi access is available in all areas .
the poolside bar offers cold drinks and light snacks .
extras include free toiletries and a hair dryer .
guests can relax in the 2 hectare garden or on the open terrace .
all rooms come with private bathroom facilities and freshly laundered beddings .
all rooms come with a private bathroom equipped with a bath .
free wifi in public areas is available .
a seating area with cable tv is available .
each individually decorated room is equipped with free wi - fi .
a microwave and minibar are provided in each room at budget inn 2000 .
each room provides cable tv , free toiletries in the en suite bathroom at bozeman inn .
it features a traditional lounge , a modern sauna area and free wifi in every room .
offering mountain views , rooms at the torrente rosandra b & b have parquet floors , a hairdryer , free toiletries and slippers .
the area around mosebacke hostel has many shops , bars and restaurants .
the chennai central railway station is 5 km away while the chennai international airport is 12 km .
luggage storage is offered at the front desk .
each room features wood flooring and a cable tv . iphone charger and an adapter are available in the rooms .
free wifi access is provided .
le clos du père finet includes free wi - fi , a bar and a spacious garden with a terrace and a barbecue .
a continental breakfast is served every morning at chambres d ’ hôtes la maison bleue .
a seating area with a sofa , a tv with a dvd player and air conditioning are featured in all houseboats at antelope point marina at lake powell .
some units include a dining area and / or balcony .
studio in a palace offers accommodation in cannes .
this welcoming hotel features modern guest rooms equipped with all modern conveniences .
the property offers city maps in different languages .
local dining outlets can be found within a 5 - minute walk from the guesthouse .
suanphueng garland is a 5 - minute drive from scenery farm .
situated just 20 yards off morecambe ’ s promenade , the family - run sea crest is a large guest accommodation offering home cooking , a bar with a pool table , and free wi - fi in the public areas , including the guest tv lounge .
lotus inn westlake houses a 24 - hour front desk and provides luggage storage .
full buffet breakfasts are available at the achat dresden altstadt in the mornings , and the feldschlösschen restaurant serves regional saxon specialities .
the nearest airport is karlovy vary international airport , 32 km from guest house orbis .
a basic breakfast is possible with an extra cost and restaurants can be found 200 metres from the accommodation .
the charge is eur 5 per person .
elma suites is only 150 metres from elmadag bus station and 750 metres from taksim metro station .
the path of the gods passes 60 metres away .
ferienwohnung am lindenweg also offers ski storage and a children ' s playground .
the beach offers swimming and guests can enjoy a stroll along this white sand beach .
set less than a mile from bridgend ’ s busy town centre , the new inn guest house is also only 3 miles from the beautiful welsh coastline .
for your comfort , you will find slippers and free toiletries .
lisbon international airport is 6 . 7 km away .
hotel u kvapilů offers accommodation in mnichovo hradiště , nearby the town centre .
mondragó nature reserve can be reached in 15 minutes by car .
there is a shared kitchen in the hotel .
the property offers free parking .
the nearest airport is rome ciampino airport , 16 km from parioli place .
the property is located right on the beach .
there is a hairdresser ' s at the property .
van gogh museum is 1 km from peter independent apartments .
alba adriatica and its beaches are 25 km from la solagna .
offering sweeping views of the valley and mount kanchenjunga , hotel broadway ( annexe ) is a 10 - minute walk to the city centre .
the kitchen is stocked with breakfast items for guests ’ use .
guests have free access to the spa and to the swimming pool , fitness centre and sauna .
towels and bed linen are provided in this self - catering accommodation .
potsdam town centre is 8 minutes away by car .
free bicycles are available to explore the hotel ’ s surroundings .
feature asian - inspired décor and a private balcony with views of the pool .
located at a 10 - minute walking distance from the popular garuda mall , hotel tom ' s operates a 24 - hour front desk to assist and welcome guests . free wifi access is available throughout the property .
motel colonial house is 800 metres from the historic stone store and st . james church , and the start of rainbow falls walk .
other facilities offered at the property include a shared tv lounge , library , games room and tour desk .
with 4 well - equipped meeting rooms , finlandia hotel fooninki can cater for seminars of up to 70 people .
ferienwohnung domus vini offers free wifi and a fully equipped kitchen .
san cristobal de las casas cathedral and nearby plaza de la paz are approximately 2 km from hotel villa mercedes .
offering a private terrace , herzliya haut standing is located in herzelia provides air - conditioned accommodation with free wifi access .
at the tropical and colourful mont hebron there is a sauna .
you can park your car free of charge in front of the building .
it features numerous bars with a selection of cocktails .
grocery shops and restaurants can be found within walking distance and free wi - fi access is available throughout .
placed directly on virginia beach , steps from the famous boardwalk , this hotel offers spacious suites with convenient amenities as well as a free deluxe continental breakfast .
at villa nokna , arrangements can be made for grocery deliveries , bicycle rental and an airport shuttle .
private dining is possible with room service .
rooms are functional decorated and have tiled floors .
the house can accommodate up to six persons .
llobregat shopping centre and multi - cinema is 10 minutes ’ walk away .
delphi is located in agios gordios of corfu , within 80 metres from the beach and a short walk from tavers and shops .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
knight ' s palace is 700 metres from studio apartman sirena , while old port of foša is 700 metres away .
some apartments also have a balcony .
guests can relax on the terrace , enjoy a barbecue , or dine on local and mediterranean cuisine at the green grove ' s restaurant .
the nearest airport is al massira airport , 37 km from the property .
each studio has smart wooden floors and functional décor . studios are divided into a sleeping area and a living - dining area with a tv and dvd player .
the private bathroom comes with either a bath or shower .
the air - conditioned rooms ' brand new facilities include a minibar , a safety box and a private bathroom with a bathtub .
guests benefit from free wifi and private parking available on site .
san martín square is 9 km from alcala house , while museum of the santa inquisicion is 9 km from the property .
the accommodation will provide you with air conditioning and a terrace .
new house mini - hotel is set in nizhniy novgorod , 1 . 8 km from nizhny novgorod kremlin and 2 . 9 km from alexander nevsky cathedral .
angkor wat , a unesco world heritage site , is 10 . 5 km away .
the feldhof is situated outside the village of scena , in a quite and green area filled with vineyards and apple trees .
the arcadia beach is 7 km from the hotel .
boats and snow mobiles can be rented on site . fishing cards can be bought in the reception .
the bed and breakfast is 800 m from the train station , while the university of nijmegen is 2 . 5 km away .
the property offers free parking and a chargeable airport shuttle service is available .
many restaurants are located within walking distance .
each has satellite tv and a minibar .
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
guests can relax in the garden , and bardigiano horses are raised on site .
taksim square and taksim metro station are 450 metres from the property .
the property has a library where books can be exchanged .
an amusement park is 15 km from hotel national .
joseph creek canyon is located on site .
all rooms have air conditioning , satellite tv , a safe , a minibar and a private bathroom .
hostel kvart offers accommodation in voronezh .
dinners with traditional , moroccan dishes are also available upon prior reservation .
aarhus airport is located 21 km from the property .
the restaurant specialises in local dishes , such as homemade pasta with truffles .
spacious air conditioned rooms feature a flat - screen tv , a seating area and a mountain view . each also comes with an electric kettle , a refrigerator and an en suite bathroom with a bath , a hairdryer and free toiletries .
the home contains two bedrooms ; one with a double bed and one with a bunk bed .
the air - conditioned rooms at hotel 89 come with a cable tv and minibar .
featuring a private terrace with sun loungers and an outdoor dining space , overlooking the city , apartment uncibay is a 1 - bedroom apartment with free wifi .
in the winter many ski lifts and well prepared nordic tracks are at your disposal .
a children ’ s playground is offered to the younger guests , while a tennis court and a fitness centre are featured for those who wish to keep fit .
the göller ’ s restaurant and rustic frankenstube lounge serve seasonal , franconian cuisine , delicious steaks , and fresh carp .
bed linen and towels are provided .
extras include a seating area , a dvd player and cable channels .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site and in the surroundings , including golfing , cycling and hiking .
en - suite bathrooms with large shower and bathtub are standard .
daily breakfast is served in buffet style .
guests can have belgian and french specialities for lunch and dinner at the property ' s à - la - carte restaurant , as well as drinks and snacks in the on - site bar .
located in the tuscan countryside , ll casale is 5 km from poggibonsi centre .
a shuttle or helicopter service to the airports can be arranged by the hotel team as well .
mineral wells lake and state park is 5 . 5 miles away .
they all have a warm décor and a private bathroom .
rio de janeiro / galeao international airport is 15 , 5 km away .
freedom square is 1 . 5 km from the kizhi city centre .
shared bathroom and showers are located in the hallway .
located in kiev , this hotel is 250 metres from osokorky metro station .
the unit ’ s bathroom is fitted with a bathtub and shower facilities .
decorated with luxurious beddings and modern furnishings , rooms are uniquely styled and air conditioned .
there is a restaurant and guests can have fun at the bowling alley .
anacapri is 2 km from the holiday home .
guests will be 3 minutes ’ walk from butler plaza shopping centre .
just 20 minutes ’ drive from royal tunbridge wells , dale hill hotel and golf course is a 25 - minute drive from historical hastings .
they come with a seating area , a flat - screen tv with satellite channels and a minibar .
all accommodation at stay u - nique passeig de gracia has contemporary décor finished in white and grey tones .
qianyuqianxun hostel offers affordable accommodation in suzhou . this property is 1 . 7 km from guanqian street .
adhemar de barros airport is 5 km away .
just 50 metres from lake sankt moritz and 800 metres from the ski lift , apartmenthaus skyline offers an apartment with a furnished balcony looking out onto the mountains and ski resort .
breakfast is buffet style and includes sweet and savoury products .
haus franziskus enjoys a quiet location in sankt sebastian , only a 10 - minute walk from the centre of mariazell , austria ’ s most famous pilgrimage site with its impressive basilica .
private bathrooms with bathroom toiletries can be found in all rooms .
the property offers free parking .
casa raúl offers a shared dining area and a lounge with a fireplace .
the san francisco hotel has excellent public transport links around the city by both tram and metro .
free wi - fi is accessible throughout the premises .
rooms have free wifi , and some have private bathrooms , a plasma tv and balcony .
it features a seasonal spa and restaurant , and rooms with lcd tvs and wood floors .
located in yuexiu district , wojia apartment is within a 10 - minute walk of yide road metro station ( line 6 ).
at love in hualien b & b , guests can approach the friendly staff for ticketing services and sightseeing arrangements .
during week days guests can also use a safe in a building nearby .
satellite tv , a telephone and parquet flooring feature in the modern guest rooms at hotel restaurant le terre neuvas .
place des vosges can be reached within a 5 - minute walk from the property and centre pompidou is 1 km away .
foros is 33 km from sevastopol ' skaya usad ' ba , while simeiz is 46 km from the property .
at alice street farm shepherds hut you will find barbecue facilities .
nestled away amidst peaceful nature surroundings , great roots forestry spa resort features a hot spring bath and elegantly furnished guestrooms with complimentary bottled water .
both free wifi and free private parking are accessible at this guest house .
all apartments include a living area with tv and sofa bed .
you can play tennis at the property , and the area is popular for diving and cycling .
popular activities in the area include skiing and hiking .
the classic - style apartment is air conditioned and has a balcony and a tv .
just 5 minutes ' walk from the sandy pineto beach , sogni d ' oro - guest house offers rooms with a private balcony .
famous surf spots such as canggu , batu bolong and echo beach are all within a 15 - minute drive away .
phuket airport is 12 km away .
there is a full kitchen with a microwave , refrigerator and an oven .
the city of genoa and cristoforo colombo airport are within 42 km of the property .
some room types come with a private bathroom with a shower or a bathtub .
aquacolors water park poreč is 6 km from apartment michele , while žatika sport centre is 2 . 9 km away .
you can cook in the shared , fully equipped kitchen .
every room is equipped with a tv with satellite channels .
featuring free wifi throughout the property , youddy apartments is situated in florence , 100 metres from ponte vecchio .
kite surfing , scuba diving and boat rental are all possible just outside the hotel .
batumi train station is 7 . 5 km away , and batumi international airport is 5 km from anceri apartment .
the living room features a flat - screen cable tv and a sofa .
the property is 2 . 5 km from nice - ville train station and 7 . 5 km from nice côte d ' azur airport .
this non - smoking property is approximately 34 km from bandaranaike international airport .
free wi - fi access is available .
the kitchenette includes a fridge , oven and washing machine .
laundry and ironing facilities are available on site .
soma palmshore resort is situated less than 1 km from nightlife options in kovalam .
the nearest airport is samui airport , 5 km from the property .
the sundhollin bath is 300 metres away .
you can play table tennis at the guest house .
mövenpick resort & marine spa has a concierge service at the 24 hour front desk .
all the classic - style rooms have a minibar and a safety deposit box .
city maps are provided at the reception .
they are equipped with air conditioning , a tv and a fridge .
there is also a kitchen , fitted with an oven , microwave and toaster .
each air - conditioned room features a small refrigerator and tea / coffee making facilities .
svetlogorsk train station is an 8 - minute walk , and kaliningrad airport is 40 km away .
lixnostatis folk museum is 2 . 4 km from cosmopolis crete suites .
each wooden unit at this guesthouse is air conditioned and features a tv . certain rooms have a seating area for your convenience .
featuring a seasonal indoor pool and great mountain views , casa coleta is set in countryside , 7 km from oviedo .
there is a seating area , a dining area and a kitchenette equipped with a dishwasher .
other facilities include electric heating .
parking onsite is available should you wish to arrive by car .
free private parking is possible on site .
free private parking is possible on site .
bed linen is featured .
a safety deposit box can be used at an additional charge .
alekseevo 1 is 8 km from kazanskiy train station and 30 km from sheremetyevo airport .
waldhotel fletschorn is located in a secluded spot just outside saas fee .
the early 19th - century karlsborg fortress is a short walk away .
the nearest airport is hasanuddin airport , 19 km from the property .
peebles golf club is less than 3 miles from the building .
with its own sauna and hot tub , it is an ideal base for relaxing holiday retreats .
the centre of alghero is reachable in less than 10 minutes by car . paradiso residence is 40 km from sassari .
you can enjoy city view from the room .
some units have a terrace , and others have a balcony .
free wi - fi is available in public areas .
the apartment will provide you with a tv , a balcony and a seating area . there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and oven .
the property offers private check - in and check - out and has a 24 - hour reception .
nossa senhora da graca church is 200 metres from santa sofia , while alexandre albuquerque square is 200 metres from the property .
the en suite bathrooms include shower facilities , a hairdryer and free toiletries .
villa ida bed & breakfast includes a large garden with a pool and barbeque facilities .
the accommodation will provide you with a tv and a terrace , as well as a kitchenette and 2 bathrooms . extras include a barbecue , a fireplace and an outdoor seating area .
a grocery shop is set 500 metres away . the centre of ohrid is located 7 km away .
hostal flamenco camaron is set in a quiet part of central málaga , 15 minutes ’ walk from the cathedral and 1 . 7 km from the beach .
it is situated beside the uralexpocentre exhibition centre , nearby ekstrim park and shopping areas .
it includes a fully equipped kitchen and a dining area .
morritts tortuga club and resort also boasts an on - site restaurant .
breheimsenteret glacier centre , 2 km away , assists in booking area activities such as guided glacier hiking tours , rafting and kayaking .
bathroom faciltiies are shared or private .
there is a private bathroom with a bath and free toiletries in every unit .
residence san pietro barisano offers unique apartments set in the matera sassi unesco site . accommodation is excavated in the rock and provided with free wi - fi , self - catering facilities , and independent access .
bariloche pension provides seasonal discount coupons for all staying guests , including ocean world water park coupons in summer and ski lift coupons in winter .
wine and cheese tasting is also available .
a microwave and refrigerator are provided in all rooms at the wingate by wyndham augusta .
featuring free wi - fi , motel touchdown & restaurant offers accommodation in lohmar , 19 km from cologne . free private parking is available on site as well as a children ' s playground .
other popular attractions include the königsallee shopping district , the rhine river and the historic alt st . martin church .
albergo la corte albertina is 9 km from the a33 motorway and a 20 - minute drive from alba .
free wi - fi is available throughout .
all of the pleasant rooms at don pedro have air conditioning , an en - suite bathroom and a tv .
cane bay cottage 4 features free wifi throughout the property .
the nearest airport is kazan international airport , 27 km from the property .
a work desk , a microwave , a refrigerator and tea and coffee - making facilities are also provided .
there is a dining area and kitchenette , equipped with a fridge , microwave and coffee maker .
this stylish restaurant offers classic venetian cuisine .
free wifi is available throughout .
this 8 - storey property also comes with free computer stations in the lobby , as well as a restaurant which serves western and asian dishes .
a shaded street side terrace offers the perfect spot to have a drink and watch the world go by .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
located just steps from alvor beach , pestana alvor south beach premium suite hotel also features an outdoor swimming pool .
panorama stoykite apartments also features a bar and a garden . free ski storage is offered , and guests can buy a ski pass on site .
breakfast is buffet style and includes sweet and savoury items , such as cold cuts and cheese .
this self - catering accommodation features free wifi . bikes are available free of charge .
la trucha tranqui is 120 km from mendoza city and 165 km from mendoza local airport .
golfclub salzburg schloss fuschl can be reached by car in 10 minutes .
guests can go for a swim in the outdoor pool or soak in the hot tub . all guests have convenient access to the on - site fitness centre .
dubrovnik bus station and ferry port , with frequent links to various adriatic destinations , are 2 km from the apartment ankica .
situated in kobuleti , this apartment features a balcony and a garden .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including skiing , cycling and hiking .
ustica ' s centre is just 1 km from the hotel .
seelodge piburg offers guests a spa area that features a sauna , relaxation area , hot tub , flat - screen tv and access to a balcony .
enjoy a cup of tea while looking out at the lake or garden .
all rooms are elegantly decorated with dark - wood furniture and marble bathrooms .
the private bathroom is complete with a bath and a hairdryer .
bed linen and towels are provided .
the schwarzer adler offers free wi - fi and free parking .
books and board games are available in the elegant rossi lounge , featuring dimmed lighting , candles and an antique fireplace . there is also a spa - centre , specialising in anti - aging treatments and a fitness room .
the restaurant serves local specialities at lunch and dinner .
mattresses which are 27 cm thick provide for a peaceful night ' s rest .
there are many restaurants and cafés located along the beachfront and albertplein is 2 minutes ’ walk away .
featuring a restaurant and bar , exe sevilla palmera is in seville ’ s nuevo porvenir district , 500 metres from avenida de la palmera .
apartamento rua da passagem botafogo is 2 . 2 km from leme beach and 7 . 6 km from ipanema beach .
vienna hotel beijing ( garden branch ) is a 30 - minute drive from west railway station and tiananmen square .
popular attractions in göttingen include the städtisches museum göttingen ( town museum ) and the deutsches theater ( theatre ).
guests at aquamarina apartments capcana can find a variety of restaurants 2 minutes ’ walk away .
it features israel ' s largest outdoor paintball facility , atv rentals and tractor tours as well .
travelodge dublin phoenix park is located in castleknock , just off junction 6 of the m50 motorway , next to the phoenix park train station .
the hotel am kurpark ' s spa area includes a finnish sauna , a steam room and a solarium .
guests can take a boat from sagone to visit the scandola nature reserve and the calanques at piana are a 45 - minute drive away . the village of soccia is 50 minutes away and from here guests can hike to lake creno .
a rich buffet breakfast and regional meals are served in the schreiner ’ s warmly decorated , bavarian - style restaurant .
the apartment is 700 metres from state russian museum .
guests can have the beautiful natural views on the terrace close to the river , or enjoy a relaxing spa treatment after a busy day .
the modern , soundproofed rooms in hotel granda all have flat - screen satellite tv and garden views .
free private parking is available on site .
the property has been awarded the leed gold certification .
germany ' s border is 400 metres away , and altenberg ski area is 3 km away .
chiang mai international airport is 6 km from the property .
modern , air - conditioned rooms feature flat - screen satellite tv , free wifi and a minibar .
each unit has a flat - screen satellite tv and air conditioning .
set 2 km from the centre of porto cesareo , hotel tabù offers free wifi and mediterranean - style rooms with air conditioning .
pasaulio kraštas has a children ' s playground with a sandbox and a trampoline .
a flat - screen tv is provided .
guests are also welcome to relax on a sunny terrace .
guests can also explore the forest - covered mount menalon , or visit europe ’ s only remaining pre - industrial hydropower museum .
you can play tennis and table tennis at the property , and bike hire and car hire are available .
the main square and san juan bautista village are 1 km away .
léonard de vinci university centre is from is 850 metres from résidence pythagore grande arche .
a sauna , roman steam bath , whirlpool , solarium , and rental bikes are also available .
in addition , vinci , leonardo da vinci ’ s hometown , is a 35 - minute drive away .
shared kitchen is at guests ́ disposal .
a continental breakfast is served daily , and cable tv with hbo in every room .
all rooms are en - suite and equipped with cable tv and a seating area .
hospedaje amarantos is centrally located in suances , next to the main square and bus stops , and 10 minutes ’ walk from the beach .
towels are featured .
bulgarian and international cuisine is served throughout the day .
providing a living room with sofas and a fireplace , the accommodation also offers a terrace .
plaza de mayo square is 1 . 2 km from departamento en san telmo , while cabildo is 1 . 2 km away .
the holiday apartment is provided with a radio and a cd - player .
breakfast and pre - dinner provisions will be provided during your stay .
room service is available .
offering free wifi access in all areas , romely house st peter apartment is a bright apartment located in the aurelio district of rome .
a public outdoor pool is 200 metres away . the enns valley cycling trail can be found 200 metres from the property .
a buffet breakfast is served each morning .
tuapse is 6 km from panorama , while yuzhniy is 11 km from the property .
the hotel ’ s position in the garmisch district offers easy access to a stimulating range of leisure opportunities .
o . w . relax is located in krynica morska , 450 metres from the beach on the baltic sea .
loch view chalet is located in in inverliever forest and is just a 5 - minute walk from the village of dalavich .
rooms at nassau hostal have large windows , which make them very bright .
you can enjoy cold and hot drinks at the polaris ’ bar and relax on the sunbathing terrace .
most units open to a furnished balcony .
situated close to the sea coast in the beautiful green surroundings , kassari puhkekeskus offers accommodation with a large sauna and private terraces .
situated in noale , this air - conditioned apartment features free wifi . the property boasts views of the city is 24 km from venice .
in summer , the saalbach - hinterglemm joker card is included in the rate .
each modern apartment at the palacio real is decorated in bright colours .
a 3g usb internet adaptor can be used free of charge for wireless internet access .
the living room features a sofa , a dining table , a flat - screen tv and a kitchenette with a hob , microwave and kitchenware .
shwedagon pagoda is 4 . 1 km from t venus , while sule pagoda is 7 km from the property .
hvar port , with frequent links to split , vela luka on korčula island and the italian town of ancona , is 100 metres away .
apartment ivovic offers pet - friendly accommodation in herceg - novi .
just 5 minutes ’ walk from lake merimbula , anchorbell offers self - contained apartments with flat - screen satellite tv and dvd players .
towels and bed linen are offered at " casa cansella " a few steps from the sea .
at point vernon holiday park you will find a communal dining area with bbq facilities and a shared kitchen . other facilities offered at the property include a guest lounge , a games room and a tour desk .
the hotel is just an 11 - minute drive to national museum of natural science , sogo mall and park lane shopping district .
the open - air lumba lumba all day dining restaurant offers international buffet spreads , as well as specially packed picnic baskets .
the hotel und restaurant glück auf offers a garage for motorbikes .
a range of restaurants , bars and shops can be found within 200 metres of the hotel .
set in a property dating back to the 17th - century , the secret gem and the hidden gem offers self - catering accommodation in the fortified town of montreuil - bellay .
kazan state university is 1 . 6 km from like home park view apartment , while peter and paul cathedral is 2 . 2 km from the property .
the bathroom has a bathtub and a shower cabin .
set on the banks of the marne canal , this hotel features a seasonal swimming pool in the garden .
east midlands airport is 38 km from the property .
free toiletries are provided in air - conditioned rooms for added convenience .
set in hradec králové , apartments stay is 1 . 1 km from football stadium hradec kralové .
guests may make use of the hotel ’ s ticketing and luggage storage services at the 24 - hour front desk .
located on a beach in calderitas , yax - ha cabañas & trailer park offers an outdoor pool and tropical gardens with hammocks .
there is a seating area and a kitchen complete with an oven and a microwave .
popular activities in the area include hiking , cycling , and skiing , and hansis lodge provides free ski storage facilities .
landhaus ribbeck features individually decorated rooms and suites with handmade bed frames , solid wooden furniture and traditional french fabrics .
the closest supermarket and a bus stop are just 50 metres away .
some offer city views .
providing in - room breakfast and massage upon request , the villa features an outdoor pool and free wi - fi throughout the building .
free wi - fi is available throughout the hotel .
the hotel also offers car hire .
it offers air - conditioned rooms with a balcony , free wifi throughout , and a restaurant with verandah .
free parking is available nearby .
it is located 1 km from the town centre and the bus station .
bbq facilities are available .
extras include a desk , bed linen and a fan .
a fully equipped kitchenette , a terrace and a balcony with a sea view are available .
have a drink on the outside terrace and enjoy the weather when it ’ s sunny .
a shared washing machine is available upon request .
children are entertained at the children ’ s pool , the playground and the mini club .
the israel bible museum can be visited 2 . 2 km from safed apartment yehudit ' s and the mount canaan can be seen 2 . 8 km away .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer .
a daily continental breakfast is served in the on - site snack bar , and there is a range of cafés within a 5 - minute walk of the hotel .
it is a 1 - bedroom apartment with self - catering facilities and free wi - fi .
there is a seating and / or dining area in some units .
this private home offers free on - site parking .
sochi discovery world aquarium is 6 km from liberty fly , while saint sarkis cathedral is 300 metres away .
a range of activities are offered in the area , such as diving and cycling .
barbecuing is possible on spot and there are also bicycle and ski storage rooms available at the schink bauernhof .
spa facilities include a sauna and a steam bath .
the walls are painted by paolo baratella .
mile 1 quad express is 400 metres from embarc panorama by diamond resorts , while toby is 500 metres away .
all rooms have a private bathroom with a shower and a selection of toiletries .
you can enjoy lake and garden view from the room .
guests can experience world - class skiing or discover scenic hiking trails just minutes from the hotel .
located in the centre of split , just 100 metres from the palace of diocletian , golden gate hostel offers beds in air - conditioned rooms and free wifi access .
some also have a seating area and a fridge .
free wifi is provided throughout the property .
pula airport is located 9 km away .
imágenes is located on a 12th floor , with a great view of brava beach and the city .
a gift shop and a hair salon are located on site .
the apartment features free wifi .
with free wi - fi and free parking , it is surrounded by the stunning pembrokeshire coast national park .
kaliningrad khrabrovo airport is 11 km from the property .
guest rooms at the ibis styles melun are equipped with air conditioning and an extra refrigerator . they each have a private bathroom and toilet .
breakfast buffet is served daily and includes items such as fresh juice , fresh baked bread and boiled eggs .
the property offers free parking .
rooms here will provide you with a tv , a terrace and a dvd player .
a shower or a bath / shower combination is available in each bathroom .
free wi - fi is provided in public areas .
the property offers free parking .
guests have access to the nearby new york sports club fitness centre .
the nearest airport is don mueang international airport , 21 km from cubic bangkok .
guests can enjoy mountain view and pool view from all the rooms .
various cafes and restaurants are situated within a 5 - minute walk .
travel information is available at the tour desk .
a shuttle service is provided upon request and at extra charge .
charmaine lodge is 1 . 4 km from the snake temple and 2 . 2 km from queensbay mall . penang international airport is 3 km away while penang bridge is 7 . 2 km from the property .
they include a flat - screen tv with cable channels .
a supermarket is located 50 metres from the property .
it has barbecue facilities , free wi - fi and private parking .
free parking facility is available .
the elegant europa restaurant serves modern navarran cuisine using the best regional ingredients .
sm hotel has a garden and a terrace .
hotel bar offers a selection of sushi dishes .
situated in the quiet corner of the estate , the country house ’ s spa has treatment rooms , each with a terrace opening out onto the vineyards .
sneem hotel offers rooms with views of kenmare bay or macgillycuddy ’ s reeks , ireland ’ s highest mountain range .
a flat - screen tv with cable channels is provided in every room .
hotel am markt provides modern rooms in the peaceful village of velpke , in the heart of the lower saxony countryside .
the largest house includes billiards .
a fitness room and a sauna can also be enjoyed on site .
the nearest airport is vilnius airport , 3 km from apartment in pylimo .
featuring free wifi throughout the property , u pottera offers accommodation in ternopilʼ .
all holiday homes here feature a flat - screen satellite tv , a spa bath and a kitchenette .
sunset inn b & b is a 5 - minute drive from hakuba 47 ski resort , where property ' s free shuttle service is provided to and from .
the nearest airport is tolmachevo airport , 19 km from the property .
the elegant history hotel is located right by istanbul ’ s city hall and 300 metres from saraçhane park .
b & b angelo is located in trieste , 1 . 1 km from piazza dell unita d italia .
middlesboro neighborhood pub is 15 minutes ’ walk away .
indoor and outdoor swimming pools , lakes , kayaking and horse riding can be enjoyed in the surroundings .
the attached bathroom has free toiletries .
the air - conditioned apartments feature an open - space area with kitchenette , dining table and sofa .
free wifi access is available .
mandalay international airport is 33 km away .
tea and coffee service is offered throughout the day .
guests can enjoy a drink at the bar or on the lakeside terrace . the property features a wince cellar and wine tasting can be arranged .
apartments are furnished in traditional tuscan style and come with wooden beamed ceilings and partially exposed stone walls .
opera national de lyon is 2 km from part - dieu - rize - le lit des gones , while parc de la tête d ' or is 2 . 2 km away .
accommodation will provide you with air conditioning and a seating area . there is a full a kitchenette with a refrigerator and kitchenware .
located in nahariyya , 10 minutes ' walk from the beach and ga ' aton street , this air - conditioned apartment features free wifi .
the accommodation has a dining area and seating area with a flat - screen tv . a toaster and fridge are also offered , as well as a kettle .
located on 2 acres , greenwood hotel offers a garden area is offered for barbecues and picnics .
it features 2 outdoor pools , a large fitness centre , a restaurant serving international cuisine and various bars .
the private bathrooms are fitted with a bath and come with free toiletries .
a tv is featured .
st . mary magdalene monastery in porat is 600 metres from holiday home valica , while vantacici beach is 700 metres away .
there is a seating and / or dining area in some units .
bryce canyon national park is 36 . 9 km from the bed and breakfast . tropic reservoir is 42 . 6 km from the property .
bar and restaurants are found 200 metres away , and barra grande pier is 300 metres from villa mares . barra grande village centre is also 300 metres away .
bars and cafés can be found in the surrounding old town .
there is also a kitchen , equipped with an oven .
antalya 61 . 9 km away .
guests can enjoy a buffet breakfast each morning in the breakfast room . it includes a variety of fresh fruits , breads and cold meats , as well as a selection of hot and cold drinks .
guests will be 5 miles from myrtle beach mall and 11 miles from myrtle beach international airport .
guests are welcome to relax with a drink in the bar or beer garden .
equipped with air conditioning , all rooms at hotel aladdin contain a cable tv , a minibar and a private bathroom . they are tastefully decorated and provide a wardrobe and a safe .
it takes 45 minutes to drive to ngurah rai international airport .
guest rooms include a flat - screen satellite tv and a choice of non - allergic foam or goose down pillows .
rooms here will provide you with a flat - screen tv , air conditioning and satellite channels .
other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities , luggage storage and dry cleaning .
various cafes , bars and restaurants can be found within a 5 - minute walk from the properties .
there is an open plan kitchen with a microwave and a coffee machine .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
guests are able to fish in the river directly from the pool deck .
syros airport is 3 km away .
the village of torhout is located close to some medieval castles and beautiful forests .
lunch and dinner are served at the in - house à la carte restaurant .
private bathrooms have heated shower facilities .
the centrally heated rooms also have their own bathroom .
bed linen is available .
you can enjoy meals at the on - site restaurant or order room service .
the property offers free parking .
parking is free on site .
a breakfast buffet is available each morning at the seeblick engel .
most room categories come with a microwave and refrigerator .
the akwamaryn is situated only 500 metres from the centre of niechorze and 300 metres from the local lighthouse .
a shuttle service is provided on request .
the nearest airport is kazan international airport , 19 km from kazan kampus .
free - to - use barbecue facilities are available .
airport shuttle service is provided at a surcharge .
featuring air conditioning , na krymskoy apartment is set in sochi , 5 km from rivyera park . green theatre is 5 km from the property .
each room is fitted with air conditioning , a cable tv and a fridge .
guests of the augusta homes2suites by hilton can work out in the fitness centre or on the walking track .
a wood - burning fireplace and a large 2 car garage are featured at this holiday home .
located in lagos , apartamentos da muralha offers an outdoor pool . this self - catering accommodation features free wifi . the property is 1 . 0 km from meia praia beach lagos and 700 metres from dona ana beach .
hortus botanicus ’ botanical garden is a 10 - minute walk .
the popular banj beach is a 15 - minutes walk away .
richmond by hoom is set in a restored building on a quiet pedestrian street , just 200 metres from valencia cathedral .
the restaurant serves typical sardinian specialties and italian classics .
popular gran café de la parroquia , where popular coffee is served , is 3 . 3 km away .
guests who enjoy spa therapy can make use of the on - site infrared sauna .
free luggage storage is available at the front desk and self - catering is possible in the communal kitchen .
children can use a playground .
the cosy , traditional english pub offers a range of real ales and a homely real fire .
bus stop is 100 metres from the property and the nearest restaurant is 1 . 5 km away .
guests can also use a shared living room with coffee and tea amenities free of charge .
it includes a tv and toaster .
the bus ride takes only 20 minutes .
all rooms have air conditioning and a balcony .
the large windows offer lovely views .
les jardins offers seasonal dining on the terrace overlooking mount orford .
seasonal produce , organic wine and products from the local market are prepared for dinner in the restaurant .
breakfast is served daily in the patio or in the kitchen . it consists of hot drinks , homemade jams and pancakes .
massage and treatments are available .
guests can enjoy the 25 m2 terrace .
las mariposas club boasts an outdoor pool , terrace and lush garden .
the grandom suites offer a free daily cleaning service , including the kitchen .
all cabins come with a view of the city and rhine .
wired internet is free .
offering a hammam , dar souran is located in tangier .
free private parking with video surveillance is available on site .
each apartment comes with a terrace with panoramic mountain views and a stylish living room with a modern kitchenette including a dishwasher and a microwave .
every room comes with a tv . enjoy a cup of tea from your terrace or balcony .
set in mösern , 4 km from seefeld , hotel lärchenhof natur offers rooms and apartments with a balcony or terrace that have views of the surrounding mountains .
the nearest supermarket is 20 metres away .
the romanian border is only 15 km away .
huahin grand hotel and plaza also offers luggage storage , meeting facilities and shuttle service .
the nearby island including ko samui and ko tao can be reached with a shot boat ride from ko phangan .
índia fountain is 2 . 5 km from this pet - friendly guesthouse , and serra negra hill is 10 km away .
at hotel parque zabal you will find a 24 - hour front desk , a terrace and a bar . other facilities offered at the property include grocery deliveries , meeting facilities and a shared lounge .
be my guest b & b is 5 minutes ' drive from pukekura park and stadium taranaki .
the picturesque botanical gardens are just a 10 - minute walk away .
an en suite bathroom with a hairdryer is also available .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling .
guest can enjoy a breakfast in the morning included in the rate .
laundry and trouser press services are available . the property offers free parking .
set in an 18th - century estate , villa sgariglia resort campolungo is surrounded by gardens and the marche countryside .
each unit at pension koc features a flat - screen tv , satellite channels and a dvd player .
featuring free wifi , ariosa apartments offers accommodation in mtwapa .
they can also book tickets for flamenco shows or visits to the alhambra .
nearby the property there is a restaurant ( 200m ) and a shopping area ( 9 , 0 km ).
nestled in the tranquil wicklow mountains , this 19th - century victorian farmhouse boasts a cookery school run by irish tv chef catherine fulvio , and elegant rooms with mountain or garden views .
a ski school is available and guests can also buy ski - lift tickets on site .
san donato metro stop is 850 metres from the rege .
this beachfront resort is located in the secluded hermitage bay .
a safety deposit box , currency exchange and luggage storage are available at the reception .
it is 4 , 1 km to pärnu bus station . endla theatre is 3 , 6 km away .
cai rang floating market is 5 . 2 km away from the hotel .
indian wells resort guests have access to the private course .
featuring a restaurant and free wi - fi throughout , flora is located in graniti ’ s centre .
hotel nikko is a convenient 5 - minute drive from dalian train station and dalian international convention centre .
the giant ' s causeway lies 90 km from the accommodation and dublin is located 180 km away .
shops , restaurants and bars can be found in the surrounding area .
the bonsai hotel ’ s wellness area includes a sauna , fitness centre and turkish bath .
set on viareggio ' s seafront , it offers a garden with outdoor swimming pool .
the attached bathroom comes with shower facility , towels , a spray bidet and free toiletries .
all units are air conditioned and include a seating and / or dining area , equipped with a flat - screen tv .
guests can cook in the kitchenette equipped with a microwave , stove , oven and fridge .
if you own an off - road vehicle you can take part in guided tours to explore the surroundings .
a sweet italian breakfast is served daily in the dining room .
it features a rooftop terrace with bbq facilities , and views of the grand harbour .
guests may enjoy light meals and refreshing beverages at the on - site pool bar .
barbecue facilities are available to all guests throughout their stays at this alabama sugar beach 104 by sugar sands realty and management property .
just 100 metres from the beach , cristimar is located in los cristianos .
the nearest beach is 150 metres away .
other nearby leisure options include hiking , canoeing and fishing .
free private parking is available on site .
set 1 . 7 km from mahabodhi temple in bodh gaya , alok house features free wifi access and free private parking .
each unit is fitted with a flat - screen tv with cable and satellite channels , an electric kettle and en suite bathroom with a shower and free toiletries .
guesthouse copa rio is located 250 metres from copacabana beach and offers a shared kitchen , seating area and free wi - fi .
located less than a 5 - minute drive from chiomonte and 5 km from susa train station , villaggio val di sogno features sel - catering accommodation with free private parking on site .
shops and restaurants are available within 800 m distance from the property .
each unit is fitted with a flat - screen tv , minibar and an en suite bathroom with a shower and free toiletries .
ballarat central city motor inn is located in the historic bakery hill district , 15 minutes ’ walk from the art gallery of ballarat and ballarat train station .
guests can enjoy a peaceful garden , a large terrace and barbeque facilities .
holiday home ørsted is located in sjorup strand and can accommodate up to six persons .
set among the surrounding forest , 7 minutes from sundre , alberta , deer valley bed & breakfast offers a breakfast each morning .
lijiang sanyi airport is 26 km away .
the charlie west hollywood offers laundry facilities on site for added convenience . guests can relax outdoors on the english garden terrace .
bus service to corfu town runs once a day .
são josé dos campos airport is situated 4 , 5 km away .
the property is located 65 km from the mattala rajapaksa international airport and the bandaranaike international airport is 208 km away .
it is 200 metres from jewish state museum and 300 metres from the old town .
hotel sila is a classic chalet in the mountains of calabria , overlooking the scenery from camigliatello ' s main road .
visitors can also discover the nearby towns of waiblingen and ludwigsburg .
free private parking is available on site .
the 24 - hour reception can organise horse riding .
a stroll away from lungomare marconi in alba adriatica , hotel fattoria mare offers air - conditioned rooms with a panoramic balcony .
free parking is available on site .
guests can enjoy the restaurant ’ s lounge area , featuring cocktails and karaoke nights .
penticton airport is 13 km away .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
you will find a shared lounge at the property .
room service is also available upon request .
the property is well situated for outdoor activities such as hiking , mountain biking and horse riding .
free wifi is available throughout the property .
central lodge is located in the blackpool centre district in blackpool , 100 metres from coral island .
this two - bedroom apartment is entirely air - conditioned and features contemporary décor , plus wooden floors , and flat - screen tvs on its bedrooms .
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings , including golfing and snorkelling .
located directly beside the wilhelmsthal palace gardens , this non - smoking hotel offers country - style rooms , free wi - fi internet , and traditional food from the hesse region .
take a swim in the hotel pool , and then relax in the saunas or steam bath .
guests can enjoy a drink at the bar or a swim in the pool .
simple breakfast of toast and coffee is offered at the dining room at an extra charge .
the royal marine overlooks dublin bay and has direct access to dun laoghaire promenade and pier .
bed linen is available .
museum of the nation is 6 km from apart peru 2 , while san martín square is 8 km from the property .
the accommodation has a seating area .
the hotel also provides laundry and dry cleaning services . luggage can be stored at the 24 - hour front desk .
the nearest airport is genoa cristoforo colombo airport , 44 km from the property .
noria resort guests can play a game of tennis , or enjoy a relaxing massage .
a hot continental breakfast is served in the mornings at this pet - friendly hotel .
towels and bed linen are offered in this self - catering accommodation .
located 500 metres from vienna ’ s main train station , the hauptbahnhof , haydn apartment 1100 offers a modern and bright apartment with free wifi .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
rooms come with a balcony , flat - screen cable tv and refrigerator .
a microwave , coffee - machine , and small fridge are also available .
garden grille & bar prepares american fare for breakfast and lunch while on - site pavilion pantry offers beverages and snacks .
located within just 5 km from the aurangabad railway station and aurangabad bus station , hotel silver inn offers wifi in hotel rooms at a surcharge
pulkovo airport is 16 km from the property .
in the morning the hotel serves a complimentary hot breakfast of oatmeal and belgian waffles .
the nearest bust stop , where you can take a bus to palma de mallorca in summer , is only 200 meters away .
the accommodation will provide you with a terrace .
private parking spaces are available on site free of charge .
the property offers free parking .
there are 2 double rooms and 1 room with a sofa bed .
cottages here offer a kitchenette with a stove , an electric kettle , and a refrigerator .
natural park also has a 24 - hour reception desk , so you can come and go as you please .
free wifi access is available .
the hotel has a fitness centre with cardiovascular equipment and free weights and an indoor swimming pool in a bright , glass - roofed atrium .
the hotel provides freshly served breakfast daily .
free private parking is available on site .
all rooms and apartments are providing cable tv and a private bathroom .
wi - fi and parking are free .
local specialities and a variety of drinks are offered at the restaurant .
a bus station is at a distance of 500 metres and a train station is 800 metres from the artloft hotel .
a sweet breakfast featuring coffee , tea , croissants and juices is offered daily .
the bathroom is fitted with a bath and free toiletries .
hiking tours and an airport shuttle can be organised by staff .
a free transfer will take you to a swimming pool , a 5 - minute drive away .
this self - catering accommodation features free wifi .
return to the hotel in the evening to freshen up , and then head down to the restaurant for your evening meal .
the nearest airport is batumi international airport , 4 km from apartment on khimshiashvili street 2 .
the kitchen offers a stove , a fridge and an electric kettle among other facilities .
guests are also treated to an evening wine reception .
some bars and dining options can be found just steps away from the apartment strahinjića ban .
guests of this hotel can enjoy a daily continental breakfast .
socorro bus station can also be reached in 5 minutes by car .
linate airport is just 7 km from the hotel .
if you feel like exploring the surrounding areas , ballarat , in the foothills of the great dividing range , is 40 minutes ’ drive away .
guests are 81 . 6 km from connemara national park , and can reach rossaveel within a 45 - minute drive to take the ferry to the aran islands .
madonna del sasso church is 1 . 7 km from piccolo paradis , while cardada - cimetta is 2 . 5 km away .
boasting an outdoor pool , free buffet breakfast and free wi - fi , and located only 350 metres from itacuruçá city centre , this beachfront hotel offers comfortable accommodation with air conditioned rooms . itacuruçá yacht club is 400 metres away .
it includes a bathroom with a shower , a hairdryer and free toiletries .
the air - conditioned rooms at the matarese come with tv and tiled floors .
situated in the water , the cabins are built on stilts and feature a private balcony with a hammock .
fitted with a terrace , rooms feature air conditioning and satellite tv . the private bathroom offers shower facilities .
other facilities offered include a ticket service , a tour desk and luggage storage .
simple and complete , apartments include a kitchenette and ingredients for a self - service breakfast .
a flat - screen tv is available .
60 apartment is a self - catering accommodation located in tbilisi , within a 3 - minute walk of medical university metro station .
lérins abbey is 5 km from pur blanc , while villa domergue is 900 metres away . the nearest airport is côte d ' azur airport , 19 km from the property .
there is also a dining area and a kitchen fitted with a dishwasher . an oven and coffee machine are also featured .
bronx is 8 km from astoria apartment , while jersey city is 13 km away .
you can enjoy a sea view from the room .
guests can visit chuan spa at the langham huntington , pasadena . the spa features 12 treatment rooms including a couple ’ s suite and vip suite , locker facilities with showers , sauna , herbal steam and whirlpool , a fitness center and full service salon . the luxurious spa offers signature treatments inspired by traditional chinese medicine ( tcm ), cutting - edge skin care technology and boutique product lines .
surrounded by tropical gardens , novotel lombok resort & villas is a 20 - minute drive from lombok international airport .
a selection of international and local restaurants can be found within a 10 - minute drive .
the hotel also offers car hire .
studio apartments look out over the quiet inner courtyard or the pedestrian street outside .
ocean pearl resort is set on almost 5 acres of beachfront property , with simple , colourful accommodation with air conditioning and free wi - fi .
with a balcony , le pergole ' s villa has a fully equipped kitchen , 2 bedrooms and a living room with double sofa bed .
the sea vies can be enjoyed from most of the rooms .
th en suite bathroom has a shower and free toiletires .
peace family is 300 metres from yangshuo bus terminal and yangshuo park .
each apartment at the laura pioppi comes with air conditioning , a flat - screen tv , dishwasher and outdoor dining area .
a guest launderette is available .
the hostel also offers car hire .
all rooms are conveniently fitted with overhead satellite tv , mosquito net and air conditioning .
free parking is available on site .
overlooking the tyrrhenian sea , this property features a garden with free bbq facilities .
decorated in a traditional moroccan style , the air - conditioned rooms feature a seating area , a view of the city , a private bathroom with a shower and a toilet .
each room here will provide you with a satellite tv , air conditioning and a minibar .
the bathroom comes with a shower .
davenport city centre is 21 . 6 km away .
the laguna beach inn serves a daily continental breakfast , including , yogurt , pastries , muffins and oatmeal .
a children ’ s pool and a playground are also available .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a bidet .
hasmark resort ’ s spa offers a sauna , steam cabin and massage treatments .
free wifi is provided .
in the living room you will find 2 single sofa beds and a radio .
khushboo restaurant serves indian , continental and chinese fare .
balaton vendégház is located in siófok , 350 metres from lake balaton , and offers a garden with barbecue facilities , as well as free wifi access in all areas .
all guest rooms are equipped with a fridge .
the living room comes with a fireplace and flat - screen tv .
at wangcome hotel you will find a 24 - hour front desk and a bar .
each room comes with a flat - screen tv and a wardrobe .
free wifi access is available in this holiday home .
malaga airport is 38 km from the property .
a drinks vending machine is available in the lobby .
appartamento masi offers pet - friendly accommodation in lasino . trento is 19 km away .
located within walking distance of the deira city centre shopping mall and metro station , and within a 10 - minute drive from dubai international airport , the copthorne hotel is conveniently located in the heart of dubai ’ s original commercial centre .
a shuttle service can be arranged on request at an additional fee .
free public parking is possible at a location nearby .
air - conditioned rooms are double glazed for warmth and a peaceful night ’ s sleep . they feature baths and power showers , high - speed wi - fi , stereos and a morning newspaper .
misano world circuit is around 2 km away .
children under 10 stay for free when using existing bedding .
on the poolside terrace , hotel laguna provides free parasols and sun loungers for guests ' relaxation .
it features a hot tub , massage treatments , swimming pool , spa centre and steam bath .
the train stops at roma ostiense train station , located 1 km from the b & b .
the hotel has 2 terraces and meals can be enjoyed on one of them in good weather .
within 1 km shops and restaurants can be found , the waterfront is 700 m away and the nearest city , gilleleje , is in 2 km .
appartmento sofia includes a fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher , 2 bathrooms and 4 bedrooms , each with a flat - screen tv . a washing machine , bed linen and towels are provided .
the antholzertal card includes free public transport in the val pusteria valley , free access to cross - country slopes and discounted ski rental .
there is a 24 - hour front desk and hairdresser ' s at the property .
there is access to a shared bathroom .
situated 1 . 4 km from parc des princes in paris , this apartment features free wifi . guests benefit from patio .
the hotel has a terrace and fitness centre , and guests can enjoy a drink at the bar .
in the morning you can enjoy a varied continental breakfast .
featuring free wifi throughout the property , hotel blue bird colaba offers accommodation 700 metres from colaba causeway .
the main market square is within 2 . 5 km . krakow - balice airport is 12 km away .
each house features a living room with a tv and laundry facilities .
an oven , a fridge and a stovetop can be found in the kitchenette .
ambrosio taravella airport is a 20 - minute drive from the windsor .
la romana airport is 85 km away .
a tv is offered .
satellite tv is provided .
it offers rooms with free wi - fi , a flat - screen tv and a private bathroom .
towels and bed linen are offered .
vittorio emanuele metro station is 450 metres from the property , while the circus maximus is a 10 - minute drive away .
featuring free wifi throughout the property , hostel devon offers accommodation in oktyabr ' skiy .
the hostel is 300 metres from sanduo shopping district station , 1 km from central park station and 1 . 2 km from shihjia station .
towels and bed linen are available in this accommodation . all apartments come with a wardrobe .
free wi - fi is available throughout .
there is a restaurant , with outdoor dining facilities .
all rooms at hotel rose feature a flat - screen tv , and have an en suite bathroom .
the local ski lift and ski rental shop is just a 2 - minute drive away .
cologne city centre is 8 km away , while cologne bonn airport is 21 km from the property .
set in hurghada , studio apartment private beach is an apartment featuring a terrace and views of the sea .
guests can enjoy beach access and views from the balcony .
abc residence is located in the heart of şişli district .
each room offers curtained beds with individual light , socket and shelf .
a bar is also there .
a garden with sunbathing area is also available .
pulkovo airport is 20 km away .
pattaya floating market is 3 km away , while it takes 15 minutes to drive to pattaya park .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
this holiday house is located by damstederne nature reserve , just 5 minutes ’ walk from the sand - covered church .
its elegant rooms have free wi - fi and plasma tv with satellite channels .
private parking is free on site and leisure activities in the local area include hiking and cycling .
at apartments moscarda 333 you will find a shared garden and free - to - use barbecue facilities .
offering an outdoor pool , barbecue and sun terrace , pera villalari is set in kemer in the mediterranean region turkey region .
room service is available upon request .
the en suite bathroom offers hot / cold shower facilities and toiletries .
two bathrooms are provided , one with a shower , the other with a bath , while a hairdryer and washing machine are also available .
guests can cook their meals in the shared fully equipped kitchen , complete with a dining area .
free private parking is also available .
some units include a dining area and / or balcony .
a seating area and work desk are included .
stavropol airport is 11 km from the property .
the property is 32 km from murcia and 120 km from alicante airport .
the hotel is 1 km from dam market and 4 km from nha trang train station .
each room includes a tv , small seating area , and private bathroom with a hairdryer .
day trips can be arranged at the tour desk , while luggage can be stored at the 24 - hour front desk .
room service is available from a local restaurant located opposite the hotel , which international restaurants can be found in the surrounding streets .
located a 15 - minute walk from slovenska beach in budva , apartment misko features free wifi .
the rooms come with a private bathroom fitted with a bidet .
kiev ’ s central kreschatyk street is 7 km from the hotel , and holoseevskaya metro station , providing fast connection to the city centre , is just 2 km away .
the marina can be found 500 metres away .
pattimura airport is 70 minutes ’ drive away .
light meals and refreshing beverages are served at the property ’ s snack bar , where guests may relax whilst watching the sea views .
a bar is open 24 hours a day .
all en suite , rooms at the sirene include a safe , flat - screen tv and minibar .
towels and bed linen are offered .
the property offers an outdoor pool , a tennis court and an on - site restaurant .
the resort provides traditional thai massages .
all units feature a tv . a refrigerator and kettle are also featured .
hotel l ' approdo is located in sunny leuca , where the adriatic and the ionian seas meet .
some accommodation types are split - level with a seating area and 2 bathrooms .
towels and bed linen are provided .
guests can cook in the shared kitchen , equipped with a fridge , microwave and electric kettle .
l ' espace encan is 1 . 3 km away .
the bright rooms come with either a private or shared bathroom , and some have a small balcony .
free private parking is possible on site .
the nearest metro station is tsereteli , a 5 - minute walk away .
the property offers free parking and is approximately a 4 - hour drive from buenos aires .
the sibiu airport is only 2km away and you can easily reach the centre by public bus , which stops just 200 metres from the guest house .
shops can be found a 3 - minute drive from apartments lille hus .
guests can also enjoy their meals in the comfort of their rooms .
the hotel offers free wi - fi and free on - site parking .
take the stroll through the peaceful gardens , or enjoy a quiet afternoon with a balinese massage in the spa .
the multilingual staff will be happy to help you organise your stay in paris .
a continental breakfast is served every morning at the santa cruz beach boardwalk west super 8 .
decorated with warm colours and simple furnishings , all rooms at opera b & b are soundproofed and feature cable tv channels .
it offers modern rooms with free high - speed internet , free parking spaces and a 24 - hour reception .
lehise holiday house is scenically located in a quiet area of tõravere .
the beautiful veli lagoon too is 18 km away .
the guest house is 300 m from aquapark staré splavy and 500 m from railway station staré splavy .
this resort provides free shuttle services to st .
a full english breakfast is served in the morning , and there is also a continental menu available .
guests benefit from free wi - fi , free parking , and easy access to outdoor activities such as hiking , fishing , and golf .
the private bathroom comes with a shower .
all rooms are equipped with cable tv . select rooms offer a kitchenette , seating area , or sofa bed .
the hotel zur linde has a garage for bicycles and motorbikes .
guests can also sample traditional ukrainian dishes and european cuisine in the restaurant .
some units are air conditioned and include a seating area with a flat - screen tv . some units also have a kitchen , equipped with a dishwasher .
the private bathroom comes with a bath or shower .
the reception team can help guests plan sightseeing trips .
the cosy rooms at pinocchio feature wooden furnishings and cable tvs . each is equipped with hot / cold showers , tea / coffee making facilities and an alarm clock .
the nearest airport is gimpo airport , a 36 - minute drive away , while incheon international airport is a 56 - minute drive away .
prepare your own meals here or head to the nereida ’ s welcoming buffet restaurant , serving a wide range of national and international dishes .
the 2 - floor villa has a bright living room with a fireplace , sofas , satellite tv and dvd player . there is a separate dining area offering mountain views .
towels and bed linen are featured in this villa .
the rooms here will provide you with a fan .
the rooms feature air conditioning , a small fridge , and a 22 " lcd tv . the bathroom is en suite and is complete with hairdryer and free toiletries .
free parking is possible nearby .
the eastwest hotel represents the harmonious combination of a stunning contemporary décor , eastern and western traditions and modern technology , in a subtle play of light and shade .
packed lunches can be provided if required .
the property is self - catering but there are shops and cafés within a 50 - metre distance .
the surrounding area is ideal for outdoor sports activities including horse riding , trekking , ice and rock climbing and rafting .
this steam boat from 1927 is docked on lake saimaa , about 1 km from olavinlinna castle .
valencia has a good public bus network which will take you to malvarossa beach in around 45 minutes .
other facilities offered include a ticket service , a tour desk and luggage storage .
los cristianos is 11 km from green park , while adeje is 16 km away .
the magdalenenhof ' s rich breakfast buffet includes fresh waffles .
cable tv is available in each room at hotel joutsenkulma , as well as a bathroom with shower .
only a 3 - minute walk from erhai lake , faier harbour inn is located in dali ancient town .
set on the foothills of pantokratoras mountain , 200 metres from barbati beach , captain ' s apts offers a pool and snack bar on its flowered terrace .
extras include an outdoor seating area and bed linen .
orekhovsky waterfalls is 11 km from juliet guest house , while tea houses is 2 km from the property .
free wifi is available throughout the property and a complimentary breakfast is served daily .
free private parking is possible on site .
neuschwanstein castle is 35 minutes away .
staff at the front desk can assist with luggage storage .
the private bathroom has free toiletries and a hairdryer .
château des tertres welcomes you in the heart of the loire valley , 20 km from blois and 18 km from amboise .
a full breakfast is served each morning and it features hot coffee or tea along with fresh fruit and pastries .
ulcinj ́ s old town is situated 4 km from the property , while the ada bojana area is reachable within 10 minutes by car .
the hostel also offers bike hire .
the nearest airport is varna airport , 14 km from the property .
the hotel emperor mandalay is a 10 - minute ride from mandalay palace .
other facilities at ciro menotti 4 include a balcony .
playa de caleta de velez is 300 metres away , and playa de torre del mar beach is 500 metres away .
the balconies and the large windows of most rooms offer panoramic views over the lake and mountains .
all units feature a kitchenette with kitchenware , fridge and stove .
yumoto ginsenkaku offers outdoor hot spring baths , a sauna and karaoke facilities , only a 1 - minute walk from the kurodake ropeway , which offers amazing nature views .
featuring a fireplace , the cosy living room comes with a sofa and tv . there is also a dining area .
arrangements can also be made for a day trip at the tour desk .
pula airport is located 35 km from the property .
a tv is provided .
situated downtown vienna s 5 - minute walk from the st . stephen ' s cathedral , vienna rotenturm offers an apartment with free wifi and a location 2 minutes on foot form the schwedenplatz metro station and 160 metres from the river banks .
the hotel offers warmly decorated rooms with wooden furniture .
guests can enjoy a garden view .
a beach on the black sea is a 10 - minute walk away , sudak aquapark is an 8 - minute walk , and genoese fortress is 2 km from the hotel .
the apartment includes 3 flat - screen satellite tvs , free wifi , dvd players , a kitchen with a dining area and dishwasher and a terrace with mountains views .
featuring views of the mountains and the sea , this house has 1 double bedroom , 1 twin bedroom , 1 quadruple bedroom and a bathroom .
the private bathroom features a bath or shower .
in la sucrerie restaurant , originally a sugar refinery built in the middle of the 19th century , you can savour the finest cuisine , while in the neo - colonial club bar you are welcome for a drink .
the kitchen has an oven , a toaster and a refrigerator , as well as a coffee machine and a kettle .
frei caneca convention centre is 150 metres from hotel moncloa .
trade fair visitors can reach the exhibition grounds of düsseldorf ( 35 km ) and cologne ( 45 km ) with ease .
there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
amans annabella resort is 59 km from nainital hill station and 95 km from corbbet national park .
featuring free wifi throughout the property , your hostel offers accommodation in yerevan , 900 metres from armenian opera and ballet theatre .
offers modern and comfortable accommodation with free wifi access in its public areas .
xingcheng rujia guest house offers simply - furnished accommodation with a chinese restaurant .
there are loungers and a barbecue on the poolside terrace .
the hotel offers free wi - fi access at all areas .
offering an outdoor pool , superior self catering holiday apartment is situated in adeje . aqualand is 1 . 6 km away .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including hiking .
this self - catering accommodation features free wifi .
massages are available on request .
marseille provence airport is located 31 km from the property .
a 10 - minute walk from the centre of adelboden , hotel crea features an indoor pool and a sauna .
the apartments will provide you with a tv , a patio and a terrace , as well as a fully equipped kitchen with an oven and a fridge .
every room is fitted with a shared bathroom fitted with a bath and bidet .
plaza catalunya is just 5 minutes ’ walk from the guest house and free wifi is provided in public area .
the rooms of tsagarada are simply decorated with wooden or wrought - iron beds and white - washed walls .
capri bus station is 50 metres from the property .
several restaurants , bars and clubs are in the immediate vicinity . lake floreasca is 550 metres away .
housed in a refurbished 17th - century farmhouse , it combines rustic décor with modern comforts , including free wi - fi and a furnished patio .
b & b relais nel borgo is set in a 19th - century building right in manciano ' s historic centre .
behind a cheerful and colourful façade lies a smart and simple hotel in the centre of puzol .
a washing machine is included .
some have a seating area .
this self - catering accommodation features free wifi .
moulin richard de bas museum and the town of ambert are both 12 km from the hotel .
surrounded by a blossomed garden , just 500 metres from kantouni beach , elies hotel features its own padi dive center and offers accommodation with furnished balconies . facilities include a sweet - water pool with pool bar , and spacious common areas with free wi - fi access .
there is a dining area and essential kitchenware .
the 2 private bathrooms include a shower , toilet and hairdryer .
free parking is available on site , and a bus stop is 100 metres away .
aparthotel durra 1 is a self - catering accommodation located in the heart of aksaray .
hanoi golden charm hotel is a 45 - minute drive from noi bai international airport and a 5 - minute walk to dong xuan market .
located at columbus international airport , this hotel is 8 miles from downtown and includes access to bowling and miniature golf .
free private parking is possible at a location nearby .
the commercial areas of rua augusta and chiado are 2 km away and lisbon international airport is 8 . 4 km away .
the accommodation comes with a tv with satellite channels .
there is also a dining table .
the air - conditioned rooms and suites come with wooden flooring and dark wood furnishings .
8 colors hotel is 350 metres from changshou road subway station ( line 7 ) and 750 metres from changshou park .
typical austrian dishes can be sampled at the on - site restaurant .
free private parking is also available on site .
bed linen is available .
there is a full kitchenette with an electric kettle .
hotel terranova is located in león ’ s zona piel area , mexico ' s leather capital .
agrokomplex exhibition centre is 1 km away .
hotel provides meeting rooms for those who wish to conduct business on site .
other facilities at holiday home stantsiya solnechnaya include a barbecue .
spend an enjoyable holiday at stoffels , where you will be spoiled with the excellent cuisine - the stoffel ' s restaurant is ranked under the top 10 bratkartoffel ( roast potato ) restaurants in germany .
rooms are equipped with a tv and a wardrobe .
the hotel is 3 km from the val vibrata exit of the a14 motorway and a 50 - minute drive from pescara .
room service is available .
laundry and dry cleaning services are available , as well as fax and photocopying facilities .
they come with parquet flooring , a flat - screen cable tv and a dvd player .
extras include a safety deposit box .
you will find a kettle in the room .
certain units include a private bathroom with a spa bath , while others have slippers and free toiletries .
some units have a terrace and / or balcony with mountain views .
guests enjoy free round - trip transfers from pai bus terminal which is a 5 - minute ride away .
in warmer weather enjoy dinner on the terrace , with views over the marina .
the private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower .
town of ustroń is located 10 km away .
for other meals , guests can benefit from a discount at nearby restaurants .
rooms at the samaritana homestay have a wardrobe , heating and access to a shared bathroom .
offering fantastic views of the béjar and francia mountains , casa rural el dragon serrano features a terrace with barbecue facilities .
nice airport is 26 km away .
all units include a kitchen fitted with a fridge and stovetop .
you will find a shared lounge at the property .
the villa is a detached holiday home is set in pacific palisades and is 29 km from los angeles . the air - conditioned unit is 7 km from santa monica .
free private parking and free wifi are available for guests ' convenience .
the resort also offers car hire .
dulcinea is 7 km from azul bus terminal and 45 km from olavarría city .
featuring air conditioning , solis apartments offers accommodation in split . diocletian ' s palace is 1 . 3 km from the property .
you can enjoy city view from the room .
a continental breakfast can be enjoyed every morning in le grand hotel de l ' océan , just next to the hotel , or in the comfort of the guests ’ rooms .
the rooms come with tiled floors , private bathroom and tv .
rooms come equipped with a private bathroom and flat - screen tv with tnt channels .
the living room includes 2 sofas , a fireplace , a dining area and a flat - screen tv .
the hotel is only a 5 - minute walk from farrer park mrt station and a 20 - minute drive from changi international airport .
the algarve home features a rooftop terrace with a hot tub and sweeping views over the lagos bay .
arbatax harbour , where ferries to civitavecchia leave , is a 25 - minute drive away .
some rooms feature a turkish bath and views of the countryside .
rooms offer free wi - fi and an lcd tv .
set in darwin , this air - conditioned apartment features free wifi . the apartment is 300 metres from crocosaurus cove . free private parking is available on site .
located in biržai , this guesthouse boasts a large garden and offers rooms with free wi - fi , a tv set , and a refrigerator .
the private bathroom includes a shower , hairdryer , slippers and free toiletries .
each room in xinjia apartment is fitted with a tv . the private bathroom comes with a toilet .
you can enjoy homemade british food made from fresh seasonal ingredients . full 3 - course dinners and a bar menu are available , and handmade triple - cooked chips are also on the menu .
it is conveniently located just a 10 - minute drive from nelspruit city centre .
free private parking is available on site .
free private parking is available on site .
around - the - clock front desk service is offered and the staff arranged airport shuttle services at an additional fee .
located in shibei district , aishanghai serviced apartment zhonglian ziyougang is within a 5 - minute walk of qingdao port passenger transport station .
the town of spilinga , famous for its ‘ nduja salami production , is 8 km from the apartments .
hotel signagi is 4 km from the church of st . nino and only 20 metres from the signagi museum .
some also have a separate balcony or terrace .
located just off highway i - 64 in huntington , this hotel is just 10 miles from heritage farm and world famous blenko glass company .
the frankfurt messe exhibition centre can be reached in 9 minutes .
breakfast and dinner are served in at the dining area .
you can enjoy pool view and garden view from the rooms .
the hôtel de la mer is situated in saint - malo , just a 2 - minute walk from the sablons beach and a 5 - minute walk from the ferry terminal .
luggage storage can be found at the 24 - hour front desk .
the hotel is a 10 - minute drive from carrasco international airport .
situated 400 metres from the thermal bath and the closest groceries in harkány , balniki vendégház is a self - serviced guest house with en suite rooms and a well - equipped common kitchen .
the on site restaurant serves local and international cuisine .
breskens is a 10 - minute drive from the guest house . knokke - heist , across the belgian border , is 25 minutes away by car . eetcafe ' t overleg is 35 minutes from terneuzen by car .
the nearest grocery store is 100 metres away .
the hotel is 300 metres from dalian xinghai convention and exhibition center , 700 metres from xinghai square and 3 . 8 km from dalian people ' s square .
la casa in chianti is entirely surrounded by the vineyards of chianti and has a garden with swimming pool and bbq facilities .
this guest house has water sports facilities and bike hire is available .
the louvre museum is 1 km from the apartment and the orsay museum is 1 . 1 km away . pyramides metro station ( line 7 ) is just 200 metres from the accommodation .
placed in the cultural scene of gyeongju only 300 metres from gyeongju railway station , gyeongju tour guest house provides cosy and comfortable accommodation with free wi - fi access available at all areas .
the accommodation will provide you with a seating area with sofa and washing machine .
the mercure gold hotel al mina road dubai features a rooftop swimming pool with panoramic views of the city .
if you enjoy shopping , portal de l ’ angel and passeig de gracia streets are 10 minutes away on foot .
luis eduardo magalhães airport is located 24 km away .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , the property is 1 . 6 km from harpa concert hall & conference centre and 2 km from the national museum of iceland .
furnished with a desk and a wardrobe , each room also comes with a minibar . a balcony is available in some rooms , while a private bathroom with free toiletries are included in all rooms .
warsaw old town with many restaurants and cafés is just a 12 - minute drive away .
guests can enjoy a balcony with mountain views .
there is a seating area and a kitchen as well as a private bathroom with free toiletries and a hairdryer . a flat - screen tv and dvd player are featured .
the large kitchen features a long wooden table and is equipped with a microwave , fridge and coffee maker .
guests can work at the large desk and browse the internet with free wi - fi .
a single - space parking garage is available .
grocery deliveries and shuttle services are provided upon request .
look forward to relaxing walks and bicycle excursions in the woodlands at your doorstep .
it offers stylish rooms with a bathtub and free wired internet access . complimentary parking is provided .
it offers a gym , free wi - fi , free local calls and free private parking .
packed lunches are also available at the property .
buses , trams and the metro all stop close by , the nearest metro stop to hotel tourist being just 100 metres away .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
massa carrara is 20 minutes ’ drive away .
fortestate leninsky 68 offers accommodation in moscow , an 8 - minute walk of universitet metro station .
there is a full kitchen with an oven and a refrigerator .
the shared bathroom comes with a bath tub , shower , and hairdryer .
at ria cameron hotel , staff can converse in malay , chinese and english .
laundry and ironing services are offered .
some rooms have sea views .
the 2 - bedroom apartment has a living room with armchairs and tv , as well as air conditioning .
each is provided with a sofa , a work desk , and an en suite bathroom .
overlooking the surrounding mountains from its balcony , casa glesia is located in sestriere , 50 metres from the ski slopes .
offering a russian steam bath and ski storage space , dom lazarevykh is located in arshan .
extras include a desk and bed linen .
a rich breakfast buffet is served each morning and the terrace is open during the summer .
this holiday home is 12 km from aarhus airport .
every room at this hotel is air conditioned and features a flat - screen tv with satellite channels and a mini bar .
the nearest airport is milan linate airport , 8 km from milano weekend house .
in front of each villa lies its private garden , filled with cretan herbs , flowers and trees .
offering a large beer garden , a bowling alley , and an authentic german restaurant , pilliger hof is located in pillig .
the front desk is open 24 hours a day and staff can help you to organize tours and excursions .
cross - country ski runs and hiking trails are also right outside .
situated in guangzhou , 3 . 1 km from chimelong paradise , james joyce coffetel hotel guangzhou south station qifu xincun features air - conditioned rooms and free private parking . guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant .
located 12 km from lisbon , the beachfront ocean house offers accommodation in costa da caparica , at a 1 minute walking distance from the beach .
ipatevsky monastery is a 15 - minute drive away .
this 4 - bedroom house offers a deck and garden area with magnificent sea views .
the massive , air - conditioned apartments at this tropical get - away come with a fully equipped kitchen and a comfortable seating and dining area .
marina boutique hotel fethiye serves a daily breakfast buffet .
private bathroom is only available in some bungalows and it features shower facility and free toiletries .
there is a children ’ s playground located 50 metres from the complex . rvhotels apartamentos la pineda is next to a small wood which leads to the beach .
air - conditioned guestrooms at abell are fitted with colour tv , an electric kettle and ironing facilities . each room has a private bathroom with hot shower .
at toronto vacation home rentals - executive underground one - bedroom apartment you will laundry facilities .
a well - equipped kitchen or kitchenette is at guests ' disposal and the bathroom comes with a shower cabin .
the hotel features a 24 - hour reception .
the property is in a quiet are of the small village of trepalle , about 7 km from the centre of livigno . it is reachable by bus .
its accommodations have a view of the garden and the lake .
air - conditioned rooms are simply decorated and feature an lcd tv with cable channels and balcony .
accommodation is simple and rustic , with many rooms offering pretty views of the mountains .
breakfast is a varied buffet , and can be also served in your room .
offering free wifi access , hotsy - totsy hotel is located in stavropol . victory park and botanic garden is 1 . 5 km from the property .
each room features an lcd tv with a dvd player and a spacious seating area . the light and airy room also have tea and coffee making facilities , a private bathroom , and views of the gardens .
located on doclet beach , the 4 - star white sand resort and spa features an outdoor pool , tennis courts and fitness centre . it has free wi - fi , free parking and 4 dining options .
swim or dine with the luxury of one of the finest views of the aegean region .
an array of activities can be enjoyed in no site including , billiards , table tennis , darts and air hockey .
apartment kop yeti is situated in the centre of kopaonik , right next to the ski slopes .
the property offers free parking .
riyadh airport is a 40 - minute away .
free private parking is available on site .
free wi - fi is available .
hotel mesikämmen ’ s restaurant provides entertainment or live music on saturdays .
set in a stylish german style building , hotel naguilan offers rooms with free wi - fi , and breakfast , 900 metres from valdivia main square . it features a big garden with a swimming pool and a river deck over valdivia river .
the property offers free parking .
you can enjoy a sea view from the room .
all rooms at b & b ' t huys van enaeme come with a work desk and a tv with cable channels .
what ' s more , the cable cars are situated right next to the hotel so you can set off with your skis already on , to have fun on the snowy slopes !
the ski areas sölden and hochötz are within 20 km .
bicycles are provided free of charge to explore hotel rigi vitznau ' s scenic surroundings .
the property is 12 km from honfleur and 37 km from le havre .
a bit of heaven has free private parking and is 3 km from the centre of town .
guests can also benefit from a convenient room service .
guests can also enjoy the hot tub and steam room .
guests are 15 - minute walk from the municipal stadium .
there is a restaurant with a sun terrace and a small grocery shop on the grounds .
guests can enjoy the on - site bar . free private parking is available on site .
holiday home ved volden blåvand is situated on an enclosed plot in blåvand and can accommodate up to 7 people .
located between tianhe north business area and nanhu tourist area , unkai hotel is 500 metres from tonghe subway station and a 15 - minute drive from pazhou complex and zhujiang new town .
this property ’ s location makes it an excellent base to discover dordogne ’ s caves and castles , as well as sarlat - la - canéda , which train station is located just 1 . 5 km away .
kaliningrad khrabrovo airport is 11 km from the property .
there is a local bus line with links to kopaonik ski centre and back , operating hourly and available at a surcharge .
the fully equipped kitchenette available at the apartment comes with kitchenware , a refrigerator , a microwave and an electric kettle .
free standard wifi is available throughout , and a high - speed internet connection is also available .
the property enjoys views of the tyrrhenian sea , 1 . 5 km away .
the closest restaurant as well as supermarket is 2 . 5 km from the accommodation .
pension sonne is located in rickenbach and offers classically designed room in a rustic guest house .
suvarnabhumi airport is located 88 km from the property .
the nearest airport is ngurah rai international airport , 6 km from easy villa .
boasting a prime location in a road parallel to kurfürstendamm , this welcoming hotel occupies a typical , old berlin - style building within walking distance of various shops , restaurants , theatres and cafes .
it is 3 . 7 km from ghanta ghar and 11 . 2 km from the kaylana lake .
the village centre is 500 metres away , same as a supermarket and a bus station .
featuring an outdoor pool and terrace , cortijo bustamante is located in baza outskirts .
featuring free wifi , villa san marco is situated in bari , 7 km from basilica of saint nicholas . petruzzelli theatre is 6 km from the property .
the nearest restaurant and a grocery store are a 7 - minute walk away .
all the apartments have a bright atmosphere .
the property offers free parking .
it features an extensive garden , a terrace and free wi - fi throughout .
all rooms include a tv and free wifi .
a full kitchen , flat - screen cable tv , free wifi , free private parking are included .
sheremetyevo international airport is 28 km from the property .
fitted with tiled flooring , air - conditioned rooms include a wardrobe , seating area , a minibar and a tv with cable channels .
the kitchen at the french style old town apartment is equipped with a microwave , a refrigerator and a stove .
you can play tennis at the property , and the area is popular for fishing .
complete with a microwave , the dining area also has an oven and a refrigerator .
a tv and hairdryer are provided .
the rooftop wellness centre includes a square hot tub , sauna and turkish bath .
guests can request grocery packs in advance to cook meals at the property .
bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for hiking .
you can enjoy a sea view from the apartment .
a tv is offered .
sonnenhof guest house is situated in obdach , 41 km from murau .
the hotel has a 24 - hour front desk , a shared lounge , meeting facilities and offers luggage storage and laundry services .
astali hotel is situated only 100 metres from rethymno ’ s beach and 200 metres from the old town .
each room has a tv , desk and wardrobe , as well as either a fan or air conditioning .
boasting a beachfront location , only 50 metres from the sea , altair hotel has comfortable rooms and apartments with free wi - fi in downtown san clemente del tuyú .
some rooms feature a seating area with a sofa and a balcony . some of the rooms are air conditioned .
there are many restaurants , bars and supermarkets within a 5 - minute walk .
air - conditioned guest rooms are fitted with a work desk and a 26 - inch flat - screen tv with cable channels .
air - conditioned , it also has an external patio with a hammock . private bathroom also comes with a shower .
alberobello is 23 km from il vicoletto , while monopoli is 8 km from the property .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer .
corferias convention centre is a 5 - minute drive away .
featuring a spa bath , the bathroom also comes with a shower and a hairdryer .
set in a complex with a swimming pool , 500 metres from benalmádena beach , apartamento mar del sur offers free wifi .
paje by kite - zanzibar is 1 . 1 km from simba garden lodge .
staff can organise excursions , tours , and railway - station and airport transfers .
its garden features a swimming pool with hot tub and a sunbathing area .
garden view villas feature living and dining areas , and are well equipped with air conditioning , a flat - screen tv , and a minibar .
guests can rent a bicycle to explore the beautiful surroundings at leisure .
it is possible to book a shuttle service to the brasov train station , which is 24 km away .
free wifi access is available in common areas .
the bungalows will provide you with a tv and a terrace . each comes with a basic kitchenette featuring a sink , a refrigerator and an electric kettle .
monsaraz castle is just 2 km from monte do laranjal . alqueva lake is just a few minutes ’ walk away .
towels and bed linen are featured at apartment strelbishchenskiy per .
the hotel also has a children ’ s mini club .
clérigos tower and the iconic lello bookstore are a 10 - minute walk away .
at new village lodge , the friendly staff can assist with laundry services , day trips and tour arrangements .
massages will be provided on request .
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings , including windsurfing and fishing .
free wifi is provided throughout the property and free private parking is available on site .
the central hotel is the first hotel on the main town square , and provides a chic , modern ambience with dedicated and attentive staff .
qiandaohu bandao shiguang apartment can only accept mainland chinese citizens .
the hotel has 2 restaurants that offer panoramic views and international cuisine , and a snack bar that provides a variety of salads and snacks .
petitenget temple is 900 metres from royal samaja villas .
bungalows are also available .
guests may find a wide selection of international cuisine around the district .
situated 1 . 5 km from becco dell ’ aquila parachuting centre , the camping is a 20 - minute drive to lake garda .
a dishwasher and an oven can be found in the kitchen .
you can enjoy mountain view and pool view from all the rooms .
from pousada do capitão plaza , guests can enjoy walks to ilhabela , deserted beaches , trails and waterfalls .
it is just 500 metres from the santa margarida beach .
parking is free .
some rooms also offer a washing machine and a balcony .
offering outdoor pool and a restaurant , hotel caledonia inn boasts stunning mountain views and is 7 . 5 km from nova friburgo centre . free wi - fi access and private parking are available .
world fashion apartments provides spacious , self serving apartments opposite amsterdam ’ s world fashion centre .
the guest house is less than a mile from blackpool tower and blackpool pleasure beach .
zagreb international airport is 60 km away , and zagreb city is 40 km from the hotel . the historic city of karlovac is just a 15 - minute drive away .
located by vasaparken park , just 10 minutes ' walk from stockholm central station , this hostel offers brightly decorated rooms with air conditioning .
they all include a private bathroom with free toiletries , a hairdryer and a shower .
hospedaje cozy galapagos features a garden , a terrace and a patio .
at costa brava you will find a fitness centre .
at night , savour delicious local cuisine at the finca salamanca ’ s restaurant , accompanied by a fine local wine .
there is a shared bathroom available .
a shuttle service for a fee is available .
some rooms include free wi - fi and each room has a private bathroom .
all rooms at die kleine sonne are non - smoking and feature a flat - screen tv , wi - fi internet and a private bathroom with shower .
each includes 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms .
other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities , a shared lounge and barbecue facilities .
at hotel canada palace you will find meeting facilities and laundry facilities .
free wifi is offered throughout the property .
free wi - fi is provided .
children can play in the playground or feed the ducks in the lake next to it .
the hotel ’ s free bikes enable you to explore with ease .
situated in ungasan , 500 metres from karma kandara beach , wardana villa - jl karma kandara boasts a year - round outdoor pool , barbecue and sun terrace . guests can enjoy the on - site bar . free private parking is available on site .
bicycles can be borrowed for free to explore the surroundings .
a private bathroom with hairdryer is provided .
davids features a tv and a power shower and toiletries in the bathrooms .
it offers an outdoor swimming pool and comfortable rooms with air conditioning and free wi - fi .
di danieri hotel offers free parking upon request .
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and a refrigerator . private bathrooms also come with a shower .
the nearest airport is dubai international airport , 11 km from la ville hotel & suites city walk dubai , autograph collection .
located in norwich , 69g luxury apartment offers self - catering accommodation with free wifi access and free secure underground parking .
bright bedrooms at center apartments nyc offer cosy bedding and hardwood floors .
a terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms .
featuring an outdoor swimming pool , this 2 - bedroom mediterranean - style villa is situated 5 km from the bay of pollença and is only 10 minutes ’ drive from the centre of alcúdia .
the bathroom includes a hairdryer and free toiletries .
offering an outdoor pool and terrace , millennium plaza doha is perfectly positioned in doha ’ s busy business district in al sadd and there is quick and easy access to doha ’ s most interesting landmarks . the hotel has a spa centre and hot tub , and guests can enjoy a drink at the bar .
the private bathroom includes a shower , a hairdryer , slippers and free toiletries .
terme leopoldine is 500 metres from hotel donatello , while terme tettuccio is 600 metres from the property .
residencial jordan is 5 km from jorge wilstermann international airport .
lesquin airport is located 8 km away .
hilton parksa istanbul is only a 10 - minute walk from dolmabahce palace and vodafone arena , and a 15 - minute drive from grand bazaar . located near the congress valley , the hotel is just a 10 - minute walk from lutfi kirdar congress centre and istanbul congress centre .
the apartment is fitted with parquet floors , and it comes with a flat - screen tv and a washing machine .
the nearest airport is zhuliany airport , 5 km from the property .
the train and international bus stations are 1 . 4 kilometres from the property .
it offers an extensive , dutch breakfast and convenient accommodation with free wi - fi and a tv . bike rentals are also available .
a scenic seaside walking trails is right next to the property .
apartments diagonal mar is set in a new modern district of barcelona , only 5 minutes of foot from fòrum conference centre and a 15 - minute walk from the beach .
each room here will provide you with a flat - screen tv and satellite channels . featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer .
the owner ’ s tavern serves breakfast , lunch and dinner 1 km from the property .
a flat - screen tv , as well as a computer are provided .
many other beaches can be found nearby , such as es carbo beach , a 10 - minute drive away .
most rooms have a view of the garden .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out balaton uplands national park which starts within 8 km or balaton lake reachable within 13 km .
situated on the outskirts of amstetten in the mostviertel region , frühstückspension paradiesgartl offers modernly furnished rooms with free wifi and a flat - screen satellite tv .
the hotel is 1 . 5 km from gregory lake , 7 . 2 km from hakgala botanical garden and 1 . 3 km from nuwara eliya golf club .
accommodation will provide you with a patio , a terrace and a seating area .
heavenly mountain ski resort is a 6 - minute drive away .
visit the nearby adiamo dance club , the kaiserpalais theatre and the bali thermal baths .
many activities can be organised for guests including excursions by bike or horse and wine tasting courses .
wi - fi and parking are free .
all of the rooms of the taurus stopnica are heated and feature a simple interior décor .
a large furnished balcony is provided in almost all rooms .
private parking is available on site .
offering shower facility , the en suite bathroom also comes with slippers , hairdryer and free toiletries .
supermarkets and various restaurants are 300 metres from apartmany nowy .
a washing machine can be used at an additional cost .
the hotel also features a seasonal outdoor pool and hot tub with rock sculpture .
simply decorated , all units at villa solena are fitted with tiled flooring and light - coloured wooden furnishings . each is air - conditioned and features a satellite tv .
rooms at the hotel sarabia have simple modern décor with touches of bold colour .
the well - equipped kitchen includes an oven , dishwasher and washing machine , and the living room has a sofa , flat - screen tv and access to the terrace .
it features barbecue facilities in its lush garden .
the centre of hersonissos is 100 metres away . nikos kazantzakis international airport is 23 km away .
at the paul , you will find a 24 - hour front desk and a terrace . other facilities at the property include a shared lounge , a tour desk and luggage storage .
la bonte park is 5 minutes ’ drive from the best western laramie inn and suites .
dino park mini golf is 2 . 1 km from kata ocean view 1 bedroom , while kata noi beach is 2 . 1 km away .
a tennis court and sauna are offered at a surcharge .
rooms boast beautiful views and either a furnished balcony or patio . each one includes an lcd tv , free wi - fi and bathroom with hairdryer .
this south hutchinson island hotel is adjacent to the fort pierce inlet .
westwood water park is only 10 minutes away .
the surrounding countryside of lower saxony is ideal for hiking and cycling as well as skiing .
ubud monkey forest is 5 km from putri villa , while elephant cave is 6 km away .
you can enjoy garden views from the rooms .
non - smoking rooms are available .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling , fishing and hiking .
the property offers free parking .
guest can relax on the outdoor dining patio .
with 24 - hour front desk , the property is a 5 - minute drive from the museum of the asian - african conference .
the private bathroom comes with a heated towel rack and a hairdryer .
some rooms offer an ipod dock and balcony .
located in the heart of the historic stellenbosch , this classical 19th century guest house offers luxurious rooms .
they are equipped with a safety deposit box and a ceiling fan .
it features spacious rooms with free internet , a 24 - hour gym , 4 restaurants and a spa .
a buffet is served in the breakfast room at the blaue mühle every morning .
it features a sauna , and free private parking is provided .
bedrooms at the bella vista hotel & self catering suites feature a satellite lcd hdtv and tea / coffee - making facilities .
every unit has a private bathroom with a bath or shower .
towels and bed linen are offered in this apartment .
located in verderonne , domaine du château de verderonne is set an 18th - century castle and offers a 1 . 5 - hectare garden and terrace . château de chantilly is only a 35 - minute drive away .
a microwave , fridge and coffee maker are standard in every room at anastasia inn .
azmaara spa provides a range of treatments , from massages to manicures and pedicures .
on request , local buses stop in front of the ranch .
resort staff can plan excursions to algarve ’ s most popular sites .
served on the rooftop terrace in summer , a sweet and savoury buffet breakfast is provided daily , including local food and specialities by the pastry chef .
me . n . u café & lodge is set in george town , 1 . 6 km from penang times square and 400 metres from pinang peranakan mansion .
a private bathroom with a shower is included .
san bernardino international airport is 15 minutes away by car .
the property includes free wifi access in common areas and a continental breakfast .
satellite tv and sofa are featured in the living area .
located off highway 180 , this hotel is a half - mile from hillside memorial gardens .
opening out to a patio , they offer a satellite tv and a private bathroom with a shower .
each room has charming rustic décor and a seating area with a fireplace and cable tv .
there is a seating area , a dining area and a kitchenette .
ticketing services are available at the tour desk .
cornavin train station is a 15 - minute walk away , and guests receive a free pass for public transport .
shower facilities are available in the private bathroom .
guests at el rampiral can order regional dishes at the on - site restaurant and snacks at the bar .
guests at the cal expo motel 6 can easily spend the day at raging waters water park .
the property is between lecce and gallipoli , both about 20 minutes ' drive away .
there is also a kitchenette , fitted with an oven . there is a private bathroom with a bidet and free toiletries in every unit .
the property ' s location makes it an excellent base to discover aix - en - provence , which train station is just a 10 - minute walk from the hotel .
the gruzinska bus stop is 100 metres away .
the lounge area includes satellite tv and a fireplace .
this apartment has free wifi .
a japanese or western set menu breakfast is available at the on - site restaurant , jonathan ’ s .
guests will also appreciate the weekday evening reception , which offers local wines .
the nearest beach is 100 metres away .
the nearest airport is da nang international airport , which is 22 km from the property .
all rooms come with a flat - screen tv .
mundo hostel tucuman is 150 metres from casa histórica de la independencia museum and 300 metres from independencia square .
skiing opportunities at mount ashland ski resort is 25 miles away .
there is a library at marbas hotel where you can borrow books .
free private parking is available on site .
corveou includes a living room with a flat - screen tv and a fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher and microwave .
these holiday apartments offer a fully equipped kitchen , a private bathroom for each bedroom and views of mountains and valleys .
the nearest airport is chelyabinsk airport , 17 km from apartment sverdlovskiy prospekt 78 .
some of the apartments have a washing machine and ironing facilities .
there is a dining area that seats 4 people , and the bathroom features large windows and a bathtub .
sea view resort is located about 100 metres from patnem beach in the south of goa .
tampico convention centre is a 5 - minute drive from the hotel laguna , while playa miramar beach is a 15 - minute drive away . tampico international airport is 9 km away .
it is close to the cathedral , as well as various restaurants and shops .
maison d ' anse royale features free wifi .
each room has a simple , modern décor and have deluxe bedding .
it also has an outdoor pool and a beachfront bar .
with a sea view , towels and linen , the individually decorated rooms also benefit from a shared bathroom with a shower .
bbq facilities and free on - site parking are also provided .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including skiing , cycling and hiking .
offering an indoor pool , as well as a spa and wellness centre , beijing hotel minsk is located in minsk , 200 metres from pervomayskaya metro station . free wi - fi access is available .
free public parking is available on site .
upstairs you will find a large double bedroom with a sofa .
located in sea point , just a 5 - minute walk away from the beach , winstonia residence features simply decorated apartments and dormitory rooms .
every day of your stay you will be given a breakfast voucher to use at a partner café , located just nearby .
the private bathroom is fitted with a bathtub .
internet access is available in all areas .
located in giaveno in the piedmont region , 30 km from turin , rifugio la madlena boasts a children ' s playground and views of the mountains .
you can play billiards at the hotel .
alcoholic and non - alcoholic beverages can be purchased at the hotel ' s reception .
a sweet and savoury buffet - style breakfast is included at this property , which also has a shared lounge .
guests are spoilt for choice with the variety of water sports and outdoor activities offered .
mercato vecchio b & b is 100 metres from romeo and juliet ’ s house , while the arena of verona is a 10 - minute walk away .
a daily hot breakfast is served at this property , and guests are invited to attend a complimentary evening social .
guests can dine in the hotel ' s cafe .
phsar loue market is just 100 metres away .
for your comfort , it offers a fitness centre .
pakaso sodyba kirdeikiuose also includes a sauna .
from tram stop albert cuypstraat it is just 10 minutes to rembrandtplein and 15 minutes to amsterdam central station .
sir ramgoolam international airport is about an hour away .
hostal la coline features a convenient 24 - hour reception desk , as well as concierge service which can provide local information .
free wi - fi access is available throughout .
free wifi is available throughout .
ngurah rai international airport is reachable in about 3 hours by car .
free parking is available .
it offers free wi - fi , a varied breakfast and rustic - style accommodation .
towels and bed linen are featured .
it is furnished in a contemporary style and
guests benefit from free wifi and private parking available on site .
avenue ’ s il pinzimonio restaurant is located opposite the hotel and offers à la carte menus of italian and mediterranean cuisine .
forum plaza provides free private parking on site .
palau is 25 - minute drive away .
wilson airport is 5 . 6 km away and jomo kenyatta international airport is 14 km from the property .
offering free bikes , zhengding shunyou express hotel is located in shijiazhuang , 3 km from shijiazhuang zhengding international airport .
apartments come with a fan and a comfortable seating area .
they come with a modern bathroom fitted with a shower , plus a seating area and a full kitchen .
the situation of the property is ideal for practicing outdoor activities , such as hiking or cycling .
the kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher , an oven and a refrigerator and meals can be enjoyed in the dining area .
there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
conveniently located only 3 blocks from the main square , historical center apartments offers accommodation in cusco .
albany airport is 45 km away .
canyon hills golf course is 3 miles from the hotel .
the bathrooms come with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
freedom square is 2 . 1 km from apartment plekhanovi , while georgian national academy of sciences is 1 . 3 km from the property .
dobrota is 7 km away while tivat is 14 km from the residence portofino .
the airport is a 25 - minute drive away .
a kitchen with a microwave , refrigerator and coffee maker is included .
guests may cook their own meals in the kitchen at their disposal .
roma in relax boasts views of the garden and is 2 . 6 km from sapienza university of rome .
this lodge is located on hawaii ’ s north shore , in the hustle and bustle of paia town .
jemaâ el fna square is only a 10 - minute walk from riad dar eliane , which features en suite rooms with reversible air conditioning , free wi - fi and traditional design .
overlooking the sea from the balcony , all apartments comprise a flat - screen tv with satellite channels , a kitchen and a washing machine .
transfers can be arranged upon request and against a surcharge .
a year - round breakfast and summertime dinner are both available there as well .
all the amenities are shared , 3 showers and 3 toilets for 6 rooms .
with a 24 - hour front desk , the hotel provides car rental and concierge services .
the closest ski bus stop is 50 metres away and the mölltal glacier ski area is 8 km from the property .
a laundry service is available and you can hire a car or order a taxi from reception .
this elegant hotel is next to copenhagen central station and opposite tivoli gardens .
antalya ’ s lively city centre is a 1 . 5 - hour drive from the hotel .
skyhouse beverello offers free wifi throughout and air - conditioned en suite rooms , all a 3 - minute walk from naples ' molo beverello pier .
right in the centre of ringwood market town and only 2 miles away from new forest national park , original white hart by martsons inns offers en suite bedrooms , all with free wi - fi , a bar , and a restaurant .
at the west hollywood pool house you will find a garden and a terrace .
it features an on - site discotheque . free wi - fi and free private parking are available .
horseshoes , barbecues , and a fire pit are also included .
the accommodation will provide you with a tv and a seating area .
it offers a restaurant serving local specialities and 6 etno houses featuring rooms with a private furnished terrace .
the decor style varies in each of these privately - owned apartments .
live music and folklore shows are also available some nights .
nestled on a beach on the gulf of mexico , pelicans roost offers two - bedroom suites with a balcony and fully equipped kitchen .
the apartment is classically furnished and features a combined living and sleeping area .
there are two bedrooms with double beds , the other two have singles .
free wi - fi is included .
esquel airport is 14 km away .
a traditional wood oven and barbecue facilities are also provided .
the hallways and stairs were renovated in 2012 .
ataturk airport is 20 km away .
the kitchen has a microwave . a flat - screen tv , blu - ray player and ps3 , as well as a laptop and a computer are available .
the living room has a fireplace and a flat - screen tv . there is a well - equipped kitchen , which includes a fridge , microwave , coffee maker and washing machine .
other facilities offered at the property include dry cleaning and laundry facilities .
the nearest airport is karlovy vary international airport , 23 km from pension medard .
located 10 minutes ' walk from hornsby train station , these fully equipped apartments have spacious private balconies .
free wifi is available throughout the property .
anuraag villa ’ s tour desk helps guest organise excursions and safaris in jaipur and rajasthan .
all rooms have an en suite bathroom with a bath or shower . there is a tv and tea and coffee facilities in each room .
alhama de almeria is set in the valley of andarax , close to the alpujarra region .
rooms at terraza sur business hotel feature air conditioning , heating , a safety deposit box and a cable tv .
hotel fabiola is a functional hotel located in the heart of mexico ’ s city centre .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also include free toiletries .
free wifi is available .
shenkin street is 300 metres from hotel 75 , while independence hall museum is 500 metres away .
this hotel located in liberia ’ s city centre features free wi - fi throughout and an outdoor lounge area with lush gardens .
located 700 metres from oxford ' s historical city centre , newton house guesthouse offers bed and breakfast accommodation with free wifi access throughout and on - site private parking free of charge .
local and international cuisine is served at the hotel ’ s on - site restaurant , which is open all day , and guests will find other dining options in quepos town centre .
free wi - fi access is available .
all apartments and villas have 3 bedrooms , a separate fully - furnished living room and a well - appointed kitchen .
lift access is provided .
at west loop 4 bedroom apartment you will find a garden . there is a washing machine and tumbler dryer .
the bright dormitory rooms come with shared bathrooms .
the scenic gardens at the property are in bloom during the spring , summer , and fall months .
suites are fitted with a seating area .
there is a shared kitchen on site and a breakfast from local ingredients can be ordered at an extra charge .
free wifi access is available in all guest rooms .
village villa " sunny cow " is a self - catering accommodation located within 800 metres from anjuna beach and flea market .
the city ' s old square with its many casual bars and restaurants is a 3 - minute bicycle ride away .
free wifi is available and garage parking is possible at a surcharge .
the popular candolim beach is approximately 20 km away , while dabolim airport is within a 35 km radius .
free wifi is featured and free private parking is available on site .
in the summertime , guests can relax on the garden terrace or in wintertime in front of the fireplace in the lounge area .
zagreb ' s main bus station is only 300 metres away and many tram lines pass right in front of the hotel , getting you to the centre within 5 minutes .
san andrés beach is a 20 - minute drive and las palmas de gran canaria is 20 km away .
it includes a seating and a dining area , 2 bedrooms and a bathroom .
a village shuttle bus operates free of charge in winter .
basement parking is also available for all grand midwest guests .
offered extras include a terrace , barbecue and garden furniture .
there is a meeting room that can accommodate up to 25 people for events and business functions .
free public parking is possible at a location nearby .
it arranges fishing activities and airport shuttle services .
gaoqi airport is 13 km from the hotel .
guests can also relax in the hotel bar where selection of drinks is served .
there is a seating area and a kitchen equipped with an oven .
you can enjoy a refreshing drink from the hotel ’ s bar .
the surrounding countryside offers a variety of activities to enjoy .
it features a 24 - hour reception and free wi - fi access .
for your comfort , you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer .
it offers clean and comfortable dormitory rooms with air - conditioning .
the property offers free parking and the châteaux de la loire are reachable within 40 km .
a 2 - minute walk from krisna souvenir centre , kampung cenik offers modern comfort in its traditional wooden houses .
the historic town of lecce is around 35 minutes ' drive away .
the tour desk is ready to assist with tips for getting around the area .
ángel guimerà metro station is 800 metres away and connects guests to the famous city of arts and sciences in 10 minutes .
the bus station stühlingen rathaus is next to the property .
anh nhung guesthouse features free wifi throughout the property .
this is served in the breakfast room in front of the cosy fireplace .
the hotel is an ideal base for hiking tours .
guests can enjoy a game of table tennis at the games room .
all rooms have the use of shared modern bathrooms .
the châteaudun opera is located in the heart of paris , between the well - known sacré - coeur basilica and opéra garnier .
every room comes with a private bathroom .
casa buonaparte , the property where napoleon bonaparte was born is 100 metres .
bobbejaanland amusement park is a 14 - minute journey by car .
in addition , they feature a living area and a bathroom with a shower and a hairdryer .
econo lodge inn & suites offers guest rooms with free wi - fi and cable tv . it has a heated outdoor pool and hot tub and is 5 miles from the children ' s museum of stockton .
to relax , guests can go on a snorkeling or hiking trips .
a tv is available .
whether you are staying as a single traveller or a family , or are visiting on business or pleasure , this delightful guest house offers complete comfort , privacy and a homely atmosphere .
located on kata hills , cc ' s hideaway kata offers spacious rooms with views of the ocean and pool . it has an outdoor saltwater pool , roof top sun deck and yoga studio .
grand hotel is located 5 blocks from catamarca ́ s main square and 22 km from the airport .
the on - site restaurant is open on reservation and serves local specialities .
featuring island cuisine , the full service restaurant at volcano house serves breakfast , lunch and dinner .
it offers a garden , free wi - fi and free parking .
free wi - fi access is available .
free wifi is available throughout the property .
featuring a fireplace , the living area includes a dining table and tv .
each hotel room features a minimalistic décor and a private bathroom with shower .
offering garden and pool views , all the 5 - star well - appointed rooms features oriental - inspired themes with soothing colours and décor .
offering an on - site bar , hôtel playa is located in saint - tropez , just 150 metres from the marina .
the property offers free parking .
the comfortable bar offers a selection of beverages and snacks , and the restaurant serves a varied menu , with special offers available .
there is a private bathroom with a shower .
budget rooms taksim is located in istanbul , 500 metres from istiklal street .
pueblo pez bungalow features a country - style decor and a charming deck with a seating area .
situated by the zemplínska šírava lake and the thermalpark šírava set only 50 metres away , hotel merkur offers accommodation in rooms , a restaurant and a terrace .
the property also offers packed lunches and the hosts are available to make recommendations about nearby sites .
you will find a shared kitchen at the property .
a dishwasher and an oven can be found in the kitchen . a tv is provided .
one even has a bathroom with a hydromassage shower .
the furnishings and fabric in neutral colours , cosy living area with sofa and works of art create an elegant atmosphere .
room has either shared or en suite bathroom facilities .
baku train station is 2 . 5 km away , and baku international airport is 24 km from egoist hotel .
the kitchen has a microwave , a fridge and a stovetop , as well as a kettle . a flat - screen tv with cable channels is available .
each chalet offers free wi - fi access and private on - site parking .
the hotel also provides bike rental , tour and ticketing services .
laundry and dry cleaning services are available .
this family - owned hotel is quietly located 850 metres from suolahti town centre and 9 km from the town of äänekoski .
complete with a dining table , the kitchen features an oven , stovetop and kitchenware .
the self - catered apartments feature a modernly furnished living room with a flat - screen tv with cable channels . a seating area with a sofa is provided .
the private bathroom includes a hairdryer and free toiletries .
rooms have simple modern furnishings and resin floors .
the nursery is equipped with baby bottles , bottle warmers , sterilizers , cots , high chairs and diapers .
the next restaurant and a café can be reached on foot in 10 minutes . the beach is 2 km away .
ski storage facilities are available .
located on the ground or first floor , rooms come with a flat - screen tv , minibar and en suite bathroom with free toiletries , shower and hairdryer .
siena is 48 km from villa sunset , while arezzo is 41 km away .
exploring koh lanta is easy with a tour desk that offers ticket and car hire services .
the hotel is a 10 - minute drive to bangkok phuket hospital and bus terminal 1 in phuket town .
to assist the guests it offers services like laundry and dry cleaning .
some apartments feature a kitchenette equipped with a fridge , a microwave and kitchenware .
the nearest airport is varna airport , 18 km from panoramic maisonette iglika .
the hotel offers a 24 - hour front desk , laundry services and daily newspapers .
there is a dining area and a fully equipped kitchen with a microwave and an oven as well as a washing machine .
timijiraque bay and puerto de la estaca can be reached within a 30 - minute drive .
the property offers an open terrace and can accommodate up to 10 persons .
guests can enjoy various activities in the surrounding areas such as diving and hiking .
featuring a shower , shared bathrooms also come with a bath and a bath or shower .
equipped with air conditioning and heating facilities , rooms feature a personal computer , flat - screen tv , fridge and wardrobe .
the accommodation will provide you with air conditioning .
each comes with a sofa bed , satellite lcd tv and a bathroom with luxurious bathrobes .
the nearest bus station is a 3 - minute walk from the property .
guests can relax in the spa bath of their private studio .
hiyala inn features free wifi throughout the property .
the fully - furnished apartment is fitted with a sofa , a flat - screen tv with cable channels , a fully - equipped kitchen , bed linen and a balcony .
abbey library is 400 metres from kränzlin hotel , while textile museum is 300 metres from the property .
costa da caparica and its beach are 19 km away .
each room includes private bathroom facilities with a shower , a hairdryer and free toiletries .
the old jaffa district of tel aviv , known for its many shops , restaurants , cafés , and nightlife , is 30 - minute walk away .
there are many hiking paths near the weyer here in the ahr valley .
teatro antico theatre is 1 . 2 km from casa oasi .
halla mountain is a 40 - minute drive and jeju international airport is just under a 60 - minute drive away .
featuring a spa and a restaurant , brisas del mar is located in zorritos , a 2 - minute drive from the downtown area and a 40 - minute drive from tumbes airport .
this card offers many free benefits and discounts at local attractions .
guests can also opt for barbecue on the beach .
featuring a spacious garden with a terrace and free - to - use barbecue facilities , apartments sunadria also helps organise excursions to nearby towns and national parks .
the bathroom is shared , equipped with slippers and a standing shower .
rovaniemi airport is 8 km away .
vending machines for drinks and snacks can also be found in the lobby .
extras include a dishwasher and coffee machine .
some rooms have a lake view and a mountain view .
guests can enjoy a daily breakfast in the comfort of their rooms , or at the hotel ' s dining area .
inspired by the tribal art and decor of the ancient kurumba people , the charming guestrooms all come with a flat - screen tv and a private balcony .
guests can have a drink at the pegasus lounge .
other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities , a shared lounge and a tour desk .
a tennis court and a sauna are 100 metres from the somló .
hotel zorza is 4 km from lake michalice .
museo correale is 500 metres from casa giada , while piazza lauro is 300 metres from the property .
the guest house is 5 . 4 km from kaloko - honokohau national historic park . mauna kea summit is 8 . 5 km away .
pulkovo airport is 11 km away .
besançon train station is 23 . 1 km away .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
cocktails can be enjoyed at legrande lounge .
the restaurant offers traditional cuisine with corsican and seafood specialities .
staff at ih hotels firenze business can provide tips on how to move in and around florence .
yerevan train station is 3 km from the apartment .
the nearest metro station are moscova and garibaldi .
the nearest airport is budapest liszt ferenc airport , 3 km from the property .
brasília cathedral can be reached within an 8 - minute drive .
situated 100 metres from the dam beach and a 2 - minute walk from the aquapark of frymburk , the frymburk 123 offers accommodation units with simple wooden furnishings , a large garden and a common kitchen for self - catering .
the property offers free parking .
free wifi access is available .
the self - catering apartments include a fully - equipped kitchen , and a lounge with satellite tv and a dvd player .
a tennis court is on - site at the emerald island resort in orlando / kissimmee near disney .
with a view of the garden , the room at chambre d ' hôtes maison broustiquet features a living room area with a sofa , an electric kettle , and a private bathroom with a shower and toilet .
the kitchenette is equipped with a stovetop and microwave .
the master double room comes with a bath and shower en suite , and guests staying in the single room can make use of the property ’ s shower room .
buffet breakfast is served every morning .
this air - conditioned five - bedroom house comes with a fireplace , a living / dining area , and lake views .
each modern room comes with a flat - screen tv , safety deposit box and minibar .
free wifi is available in this property .
guests can also enjoy access to tennis courts , table tennis and barbecue facilities .
serving thai and international delights , the restaurant allows guests to dine with the company of panoramic sea views .
werdenfelser spa baths and 2 golf courses are located within 15 minutes ' drive .
avantgarde apartments is 50 metres from the sandy black sea beach , just 1 - minute walk from balchik ’ s marina and the beach promenade with its shops and restaurants .
the nearest airport is humberside airport , 54 km from the property .
apartment in nin - zaton iv offers pet - friendly accommodation in zaton , 12 km from zadar and 44 km from novalja .
a garden is surrounding landhaus schmitte and a playground is provided for the children ’ s entertainment . you can use the on - site ski storage room .
historical braga is a 32 minutes by car .
located just 400 metres from wernigerode castle in wernigerode , pension an der stadtmauer offers a beer garden , restaurant and free wifi .
local tram and bus stops are just a few minutes ’ walk away from apartments habicum , while the city centre is within 10 minutes ' drive .
this holiday home offers a furnished terrace with mountain and sea views .
rooms come with a balcony , shared bathroom and shared toilet facilities .
the domus is 200 meters away from barberini metro station ( line a ).
each room at reflections b & b features a private en suite bathroom , air conditioning and ceiling fans .
you can dine at the restaurant set in the residential complex where the apartments are . there you can taste traditional sicilian recipes , local wines and classic italian dishes .
set amidst a lovely garden with colourful flowers and stone paths , gardenia studios offers fully equipped accommodation and free wi - fi access . it is located in the area of mouresi , 3 . 5 km away from papa nero beach .
fairfield inn by marriott syracuse clay , rooms include a seating area and work desk .
functionally furnished rooms with air - conditioning are provided at hotel mario , situated in eforie nord . guests can benefit from the hotel ’ s 24 - hour front desk , free wifi access and free private parking .
there is a seating area and a kitchen complete with an oven and a microwave .
menshikov apartments in arkadia provides a range of modern apartments with fully equipped kitchens .
buses and trams are just 200 metres away .
an oven , a refrigerator and a stovetop can be found in the kitchenette .
the apartment is fitted with parquet flooring and modern furniture .
located in a beautifully restored 19th - century building , this hotel is in st petersburg ' s historic centre and welcomes guests looking for accommodation radiating an intimate atmosphere .
all rooms at the kalatówki come with magnificent views of the tatra mountain range .
the private bathroom offers a hairdryer and toiletries .
modern air - conditioned rooms come with warm lighting and large bay windows that offer views of the city .
the large public kitchen has multiple refrigerators , ovens and stovetops .
le loft is 1 . 3 km from nice old town and 1 . 5 km from masséna square .
apartament lawendowe wzgórze is a self - catering accommodation located in gdańsk .
a breakfast buffet with buttered croissants , tropical fruits and chocolate cake is available .
madrid ’ s lively puerta del sol district is a 5 - minute metro journey away .
the renovated kitchen has preserved the period features as the stucco moulding ceilings have been kept .
kastoria national airport is at a distance of 12 km .
free toiletries are fitted in the private bathroom .
the property can offer guided hiking tours for a surcharge .
surat thani airport is 19 km from the property .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
it features a swimming pool and a terrace , free wifi access and secure parking .
the nearest airport is podgorica airport , 88 km from žabljak - tara bridge house .
located just a 1 - minute walk from the famed naughty nuri ' s warung in ubud , royal villa jepun offers a great retreat featuring a shared outdoor swimming pool , free wifi access , and free parking for guests who drive .
the bungalow comes with air - conditioning , a fridge and a spacious bathroom with a shower .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out villarrica lake ( 15 . 1 km ) and meneteue hot springs ( 19 . 6 km ).
guests can enjoy a range of local cuisine in the etxeberri ’ s restaurant , including fish and meat dishes .
this 19th - century house offers 2 suites with modern art décor and free wi - fi .
the property offers free parking .
guests are invited to prepare meals in the apartment ’ s open - plan kitchenette , which has a microwave .
towels are offered .
free public parking is available on site .
a bus connects you to ora train station , 24 km away .
each apartment has a private balcony and cable tv .
laptops can be rented at a surcharge .
pulkovo airport is 23 km away .
rhodes international airport is at a distance of 15 km . lindos town , with its popular beach and castle , is 48 km away .
all units have a flat - screen tv . some units include a seating area and / or balcony .
located in galati , 1 . 5 km from the danube esplanade and the botanical garden , geo apartament offers self - catered accommodation with free wifi and cable tv .
pleasure pier is 4 . 3 km away .
each one is decorated in warm colours and some offer antique furnishings .
decorated with warm colours , rooms are simply furnished and come with either a private or shared bathroom .
this family - run hotel is located opposite a stop of local buses and ski buses , linking with bolzano and both the carezza and alpe di siusi ski areas .
towels and bed linen are offered at design flat republique .
a washing machine and dryer are also available for use .
some accommodation types also have a kitchenette , while baby cots and ironing facilities are available on request .
there is also a restaurant inside the hotel which has been cheerfully decorated to reflect the region of spain in which it is set .
further dining options are located in the city centre , only 3 . 5 km away .
relaxation facilities include an outdoor pool and several hammocks .
some units have a seating area and / or balcony . there is also a kitchen in some of the units , fitted with a microwave and fridge .
just 10 minutes ’ drive to renowned skiing at northstar , best western plus truckee - tahoe hotel is 20 km from kings beach , squaw and sugar bowl ski resort .
a free private parking is available on site .
guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant and free private parking on site .
a free shuttle is available from gujo hachiman train station , which is a 10 - minute drive away and must be requested at time of booking .
free wifi access is available in this non - smoking homestay and guests have access to the shared kitchen and living room .
a continental breakfast serving fresh breads , cakes , fruit juices and yoghurts , as well as locally produced ham and cheese is available .
fonte del cieco hotel has its own garden and terrace .
for those who wish to catch up with their last - minute work , fax and photocopying facilities are provided .
the imperiale ' s rooms feature a shower or hydromassage bath , plus a minibar , flat - screen tv and internet access .
dolmabahçe palace is 600 metres from city apart .
the moubra bus station is 50 metres away .
free wifi access is available throughout the property .
it consists of 2 bedrooms , 2 bathrooms , and a living room with kitchenette .
bang pa - in palace is within a 20 - minute ride from the property .
museo maya de cancun is 19 km and playa delfines is 21 km away .
dream hotel is located a 5 - minute drive from various tourist sites like the stadthuys , a famosa fort and the popular jonker street .
le notre dame saint michel offers free wi - fi and stylish rooms accessible by a staircase .
offering en suite guestrooms with a balcony and satellite tv , this hotel is situated 1 km from the montmartre district .
the contemporary living room includes a sofa and flat - screen cable tv and dvd player .
the border with spain is less than 10 minutes ’ driving .
the en suite bathroom comes with free toiletries and a hairdryer .
the property ’ s common area offers a business corner with free access to computers with internet access .
at furnished apartment in the british resort you will find a 24 - hour front desk , a garden and a mini - market on site .
check your emails using free wireless internet access .
palau , with its ferry links to the maddalena archipelago , is 25 km from the property .
with simple furnishings , all units include air conditioning , a minibar and flat - screen tv .
the accommodation will provide you with a balcony and a seating area .
each room features a wardrobe and tiled floors , while some have a private bathroom with hairdryer .
guests may also use the designated barbecue area or visit the on - site bar , pizzeria or restaurant which serves polish and international dishes .
the property is 300 metres from cafeterias and restaurants .
it takes 45 minutes by car to phoenix international airport .
the property also features a lift that serves all floors .
some suites also include a 32 - inch flat - screen tv or a sofa bed .
you can engage in various activities , such as snorkeling and windsurfing .
located 5 minutes from dead horse lake golf course and 20 minutes outside of downtown knoxville , tennessee , this hotel features an outdoor pool and free in - room wi - fi .
visitors at the provincetown elephant walk inn can enjoy a glass of wine in the afternoon .
offering a a sauna and a steam bath , gasthof dalnig is 600 metres from the centre of bad kleinkirchheim and the kaiserburg cable car . the restaurant serves carinthian cuisine , including trout from the on - site pond .
guests can enjoy the on - site bar and restaurant .
grandeur east offers free private parking on site .
a continental or full english breakfast is served every morning for a supplement at domaine de piscia .
guests can benefit from the 24 - hour front desk and the free private parking on site .
barbecue facility rental and grocery delivery service are available at a fee .
each also includes a stylish bathroom with modern amenities , including a shower and laundry machine .
the pushkar bus station is 500 metres away , the ajmer railway station is 11 km and the jaipur airport is 146 km away .
green diamond hotel is a 45 - minute drive from noi bai international airport .
located nearby interstate 276 , this hotel offers free wi - fi and rooms equipped with plush bedding along with a flat - screen tv . parx casino & race track is 3 miles away .
the centre of paphos town is a 30 - minute drive away , while paphos international airport is at a distance of approximately 40 km .
for shared use there is 1 ha fenced park with lawn , trees and an outdoor swimming pool .
guests can enjoy mountain views .
guests have access to a shared lounge and shared kitchen area .
breakfast is served each morning in the elegantly furnished breakfast room with wooden floors .
the rizhsky train station is 2 metro stops from boxhostels on prospekt mira .
there is free wifi and on - site parking .
located in the historical part of la ciotat , appartement vieux port la ciotat offers a self - catering studio and apartment , both with with a living area and washing machine .
every morning a breakfast made with local produce is served .
palace square is 3 . 3 km from lesnoy prospekt 3 .
edinburgh military tattoo is 600 metres from city stay hostel edinburgh , while omni centre is 700 metres from the property .
getting around is easy with vehicle rentals and airport transfers .
a balcony provides views of the ocean .
the property offers free parking .
a shuttle to the airport can be arranged upon request .
each heated room features wooden floors and a tv .
many restaurant , pubs and souvenir shops can be found only steps away from the property .
fishing is offered for a surcharge and other surcharged facilities include the ironing service and a laundry .
the summertime restaurant with bar has a tv room and a large sun terrace with views over the water .
guests can relax in the hotel ’ s finnish sauna , roman steam bath or indoor swimming pool . massages can be booked .
truskavecs train station is about 20 km away .
the ideally situated limelight hotel is located across from wagner park and is less than a half mile from aspen art museum .
air - conditioned guest rooms are fitted with a work desk , an electric kettle and cable television .
the bathroom is fitted with a bath and hairdryer .
the hotel is 2 . 5 km from jiuzhai valley national park and 4 km from jiuzhaigou bus station .
most units offer a balcony , and some are additionally equipped with a private kitchenette .
hotel il cortile is a family - run hotel in the sicilian village of custonaci .
each room has an en suite bathroom equipped with shower facility and free toiletries .
nea peramos with many restaurants is a 4 - minute drive away and the centre of athens is at 33 km .
guests can enjoy free wi - fi access .
featuring free wifi , studio antonio offers accommodation in split , 700 metres form trstenik beach and 2 . 5 km from palace of diocletian .
guest can enjoy watching dvd films or cable channels .
just 300 metres from spoleto cathedral , elegant apartment in the medieval centre of spoleto is set in a historic building .
you can enjoy a sweet italian - style breakfast daily consisting of a croissant and coffee .
bars and restaurants can be reached with a short walk .
plenty of dining options can be found within a 3 - minute walk from people loft tverskaya hotel .
brussels - north train station is 11 minutes ' drive away and offers direct connections with all major belgian cities .
each shares a bathroom equipped with free toiletries .
guest robes and an en suite bathroom with a hairdryer and deluxe bath amenities are also featured .
other facilities offered at the property include entertainment staff , a nightclub and a shared lounge .
the property offers a free shuttle service to platja d ’ aro and aquadiver waterpark , set within 2 km of the property .
holiday home lyngtoften grevinge iv is located in grevinge .
towels and bed linen are provided .
guests can swim in the indoor pool or enjoy a workout in the fitness centre at west omaha residence inn by marriott .
hostal don miguel cartagena de indias is located in cartagena ’ s historic walled city , 400 meters from the convention center and 250 meters from the torre del reloj .
you will find a shared kitchen at the property .
welcoming guests with a private beach area , guest house tomcuk is located in kotor .
with a 24 - hour front desk and free wifi access throughout , zoo hostel is located in kiev . this brightly decorated hostel accommodation is just 10 minutes ’ walk from lukianivska metro station .
meals may also be delivered to guests ’ rooms .
h hotel is located in ulsan , 1 . 2 km from ulsan culture & arts center . guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant .
thanks to its location , many restaurants , pubs and shops are within 200 metres from 24w old town .
at ipanema flat premium you will find a fitness centre .
the attached bathroom comes with shower facility , towels and slippers .
a varied buffet breakfast is offered at the hotel sb ciutat de tarragona , and the restaurant serves mediterrranean cuisine .
this martinsburg , wv hotel is minutes from shepherd university , harpers ferry national historical park , mountain state university and the antietam national battlefield .
it offers clean and comfortable accommodation at a great price .
almeria is 65 km from the property and mojacar is 20 km away .
free public parking is also possible at a location nearby .
cottages at camping tornio have wooden interiors and access to shared bathroom facilities .
it consists of both sweet and savoury food .
queen alia international airport is 20 miles away .
the hotel is 5 km from nashik railway station , 20 km from trimbakeshwar and 250 km from pune airport .
gananoque golf and country club is 1 . 7 km from the motel .
campo de ' fiori is a 10 - minute walk away .
air - conditioned , all units are provided with cable tv and contain a private bathroom with a shower and free toiletries .
in the heart of downtown cairo , atlas hotel features simply styled rooms with balcony .
el loa airport is 100 km away in calama .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with a bath .
they all feature a tv and a private external bathroom with hairdryer .
it offers accommodation in modern apartments with cable tv .
trogir green market can be reached within 4 . 1 km as well as park eks fanfogna . split airport is located 3 km away .
the apartment - empire has views of the courtyard and is decorated in a napoléon style .
at nanxuan club lijiang you will find a 24 - hour front desk , a charming garden and a terrace .
free wifi access is available in each unit .
in summer there is a free hiking bus .
traditional german specialities and a varied breakfast menu are served in hotel - restaurant stollen ' s restaurant .
guests will enjoy garden , mountain or cretan sea views .
motorway n - 360 is 6 minutes ’ by car .
the jw steakhouse offers a classic american experience with tender grilled cuts of beef and fresh seafood .
the surrounding countryside of north rhine - westphalia is ideal for hiking and cycling , and there is a bike trail within 500 metres of the guest house .
all the rooms are equipped with a bathroom , tv and minibar .
refurbished in 2015 , nhat ha 1 hotel offers rooms with free wifi and cable tv in the bustling ho chi minh city . it features a restaurant , bar , work stations with internet access and free parking .
there is plenty of free parking on site and the hotel also offers room service and packed lunches .
apartment on prospect mira 65 offers pet - friendly accommodation in krasnoyarsk , 200 metres from krasnoyarsk drama pushkin theatre and 400 metres from krasnoyarsk state theatre of opera and ballet .
free private parking is provided on site .
nestled within the walls of the old medina , yet accessible by car , this 4 star equivalent is a exquisitely maintained masters residence blending the beauty of andalouse tradition with modern amenities .
a tour desk is also available on site .
al vecchio tagliere offers rooms in bergamo ’ s historical centre , 1 km from the train station .
there are also a garden and sun terrace available for guests .
the pula bus station is 900 metres away from the property .
several restaurants , banks and stores are situated nearby .
the accommodation is situated 1 . 5 km from alushta bus station and 45 km from simferopol train station .
it takes only 4 minutes to walk from fortress hill mtr station .
the popular paulista avenue , with many entertainment options , is just 3 km away .
the hotel is less than 5 km away from bahrain world trade centre .
all apartments have lcd tvs and modern furnishings .
the guest house also provides luggage storage facilities .
at the tenuta sciacca you can choose from elegant and spacious rooms and suites , all complete with free wi - fi .
fortingall offers excellent shooting and fishing , and the hotel is within easy reach of pitlochry and blair castle .
the provided units all feature a kitchen or a kitchenette and a bathroom with a shower .
great alexander suites offers elegantly decorated and air - conditioned apartments with free wi - fi and lcd satellite tvs in every room .
the owners can help with organising excursions to agion oros and other nearby destinations .
an airport shuttle is available on request .
there is free wifi throughout the house .
the modern rooms are air conditioned and have a balcony . they offer a flat - screen tv and a fridge .
guests can lounge in the british - style 24 - hour cigar bar and enjoy classic cocktails to the tune of live music during evenings .
each room here will provide you with a 36 " flat - screen cable tv , a tea / coffee maker and a work desk .
all rooms and bathrooms are equipped with modern conveniences and shower cabins with water massage .
the nearest airport is rostov on don airport , 14 km from hostel malinovskii .
you can relax in the garden , or enjoy a relaxing drink at the bar .
a bus station and a ferry port can be found 1 km away .
featuring free wifi and a terrace with sea views , amazing villa beach breeze and kitesurf is a villa , set in kremastí .
salto de jimenoa is 6 km from jarabacoa mountain hostel , while pico duarte is 41 km from the property .
other facilities offered at the property include water sports facilities , a shared lounge and a tour desk .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including horse riding , cycling , hiking , golf and a water park .
there is a public swimming pool and a tennis court just 100 metres away from the hotel .
situated in prague , tesla apartments is 300 metres from prague national museum .
apartments stoll are centrally located with great transport connections , and are just 100 metres from the hundertwasser house in bad soden , set in the taunus hills .
rooms are fitted with a tv , refrigerator and seating area .
city rooms are 300 metres from the swiss national museum and 400 metres from the niederdorf .
some feature a flat - screen tv and full kitchen with a dishwasher .
free private parking is possible on site .
biffi b & b offers a classic - style room with parquet floors a 5 - minute walk from the historic centre of ravenna .
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings , including skiing and horse riding .
it features several artworks by local and foreign artists .
with a balcony , apartments are decorated with parquet floors and come with a tv .
a meeting space is available .
hiking and water based activities are possible nearby . arcachon train station is a 12 - minute drive from the apartment .
tea hills bungalow is located in hatton .
hotel jingyue international is a 1 - hour drive from the popular nanjing road walking street .
the private bathroom includes free toiletries .
during pleasant weather the food can be taken on the veranda , overlooking the children ' s playground .
guests at the mikawaya asakusa hotel can relax with a massage .
guest house santiago is located approximately 6 blocks away from plaza de armas square . museo de bellas artes museum is approximately 10 blocks away from the property .
rome ' s fiumicino international airport can be reached in 25 minutes by car .
located right on the road connecting pančevo with zrenjanin , apartments pancevo offers air - conditioned accommodation with free wi - fi , free parking , and a large restaurant with a soundproof interior .
featuring a pool with sun terrace , villa seascape is in peyia town . it offers a fully equipped unit with a furnished balcony with mediterranean sea views .
bathrooms are luxurious and come complete with free korres toiletries .
dam square and the royal palace are less than 20 minutes ’ walk from hostel leidseplein .
the hotel also has a sauna and solarium .
the property offers free parking .
the apartment comes with a seating are with a flat - screen tv , a fully equipped kitchen , a dining area and a private bathroom with a shower , a bidet and a toilet .
free wifi is available .
some room also have a balcony .
the complex includes a well - tended garden and a children ' s playground .
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower .
the nearest sandy beach is about 15 km away .
the private bathroom comes with a shower .
golden star hotel is situated in picturesque analipsis , close to hersonissos .
the surrounding countryside is great for hiking and cycling .
ming shui lu homestay is a 15 - minute drive from meihua ( plum blossom ) lake or luodong railway station and a 50 - minute drive from taipingshan national forest recreation area .
lungo le mura is a 15 - minute walk from palazzo pitti and boboli gardens .
the private bathroom includes a hairdryer and free toiletries .
located on taysan hill , the oriental hotel legazpi offers spectacular views of the gulf of albay , mayon volcano and the city .
the peaceful kandy lake is 5 km away while bandaranaike international airport is 82 km away .
the 3 - bedroom house features a kitchen including a microwave and fridge .
featuring free wifi , hostel on leningradskaya offers accommodation in khabarovsk .
domodedovo airport is 30 km away .
there is also a small hotel bar .
guests can enjoy views of the mountains .
nice airport is just 5 km away .
all rooms are fitted with a private bathroom equipped with a bath or shower . extras include slippers and free toiletries .
the private bathrooms come with shower and hairdryer .
some have balconies with unobstructed views of the mountain panorama .
free wifi is available throughout the entire property .
ajaccio with its port and airport is 40 km away .
within lively surroundings , guests can enjoy jazz concerts , film screenings and participate in performances .
there is a shared kitchen at the property .
with assistance from the tour desk , guests can make arrangements for diving , snorkelling and fishing trips .
free parking is offered on site .
featuring an outdoor pool and a restaurant , dejavu hotel houses simple rooms overlooking the tropical greenery .
nantong airport is a 30 - minute drive away .
the rentinrent apartment features a spacious living room with a seating area and a coffee table .
bed linen and towels are provided .
a playground and an indoor playroom are provided for children .
magdeburg , bahnhof salbke train station is 2 . 7 km from the hotel .
saint isaac ' s cathedral is 9 km from apartments kakadu 4 , while admiralty building is 9 km away .
the nearest airport is poznan lawica airport , 5 km from the property .
free bottle of mineral water and newspapers are offered .
nice côte d ' azur airport is 46 km from the property .
fresh natural air can be enjoyed from seating areas in the garden .
guests can start their day with a breakfast every morning and half board can be also served in the on - site restaurant .
aspen valley is situated 10 km from bansko , where you can relax while enjoying clear mountain air , abundant nature and skiing in the winter .
al convento is 12 km from la spezia centre .
mexico city zocalo square is a 1 - hour drive away .
the private bathroom has free toiletries and a hairdryer .
the apartment will provide you with a tv , air conditioning and a balcony . there is a kitchen with a microwave and an oven .
located 8 km from mariinsky theatre in saint petersburg , this apartment features free wifi . the unit is 8 km from saint isaac ' s cathedral .
the daily breakfast buffet offers a variety of fresh fruits , breads and cold meats .
jr hachinohe train station is a 15 - minute drive away .
non - smoking rooms can be requested .
the hotel also offers various bars , where guests can enjoy a wide range of refreshing cocktails .
bad aibling train station is 11 km away .
the ski bus stops right outside and takes guests to the lofer cable car within 5 minutes .
the property is also 42 minutes ’ drive from dollywood theme park in pigeon forge .
all apartments are equipped with air conditioning , a flat - screen tv and an electric kettle .
private parking is on site , for free .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms come with towels .
towels are featured .
the magiot is set close to the châtillon vineyard , renowned for its famous local wine , the crémant de bourgogne .
guests have access to a shared kitchen .
the hotel garni marias inn offers recently renovated , en - suite rooms which are decorated in tasteful , light colours .
jindabyne is a 50 - minute drive away .
a washing machine is available .
children can play on a public children ́ s playground 50 metres from the property .
set 13 km from mariinsky theatre in saint petersburg , this apartment features free wifi and a balcony . the apartment is 13 km from state russian museum .
the motel is 18 miles away from lucas oil stadium and a 23 - minute drive away from indiana convention center .
there is a full kitchen , with a microwave and an oven , and a private bathroom with a shower .
added conveniences like access to copy and fax services are sure to please business travelers .
salerno harbour is 1 . 3 km from bilocale masaniello , while tribunale di salerno is 1 km away .
this unit includes hardwood floors and a double room . the bathroom comes with a shower and a hairdryer .
sports city is a 5 - minute walk away from al noor apartments .
gjerrild nordstrand beach , trout fishing opportunities and fossil hunting on the cliffs are all 4 km from the hostel .
forte dei marmi is a 35 - minute drive from the property .
baron residenz 2 is an apartment set in garmisch - partenkirchen , 1 km from burgruine werdenfels .
there is a balcony and a bathroom with a shower .
in summer , several scenic cycling and hiking trails start on the premises .
general facilities at getberget include a sauna , a barbeque area and bicycle rental .
the opera theatre is 450 metres away .
certain rooms feature a seating area where you can relax .
offering beautiful views of the schlei , hotel schleiblick is set in the heart of schleswig ’ s old town district .
the bar - café serves drinks and snacks .
there is also a poolside restaurant and an à la carte restaurant , which you can taste refined flavours of traditional turkish and international cuisine .
free wifi is available throughout the property .
each room comes with a flat - screen tv , working area , fridge and safety deposit box .
transportation is easy for guests staying at this apartment since the santa apolónia transport hub is a 10 - minute walk away .
there is free parking on site .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling , fishing and hiking .
each room includes a flat - screen tv , a work desk , and tea and coffee making facilities .
raja dinkar kelkar museum is 800 metres from hotel suyash deluxe , while srimant dagadusheth halwai ganapati temple is 1 . 2 km from the property .
at euro hotel friedberg you will find a bar , snack bar and a shared lounge .
guests can enjoy a coffee and newspaper in the bar which overlooks the atlantic ocean .
a supermarket is located 500 metres from the hotel .
sightseeing arrangements can be made at the tour desk , while luggage storage and safety deposit box are available at the 24 - hour front desk .
you can enjoy garden view .
when not relaxing on the beach , guests can play in the florida sun on the tennis court at this destin sandpiper cove beachwalk by holiday isles property .
barao 205 is a self - catering accommodation located in rio de janeiro , just 2 blocks from copacabana beach .
centrally located in bad kötzting , these fully equipped apartments include free wi - fi and a balcony or terrace .
there is a kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
each functional green hill apartment offers a living area with cable tv , a telephone and ironing facilities .
free private parking is also available on site .
luck you kyoto features free wifi throughout the property .
free use of bicycles can be enjoyed at hotel ibudir , along with a communal terrace and garden .
the closest beach is 1 km from casa vacanze parodi . lamezia terme international airport is 30 km away .
free private parking is available on site .
you will find a shared kitchen at the property .
both the apartments and the studio are spacious and bright .
all units at the property are equipped with a clothes rack .
palm springs aerial tramway is 1 mile from the hotel .
there is a private bathroom with a bath .
set in the countryside 5 km from the centre of cassino , le ninfee offers free wi - fi , garden with outdoor pool and a restaurant . rustic - style rooms feature air conditioning .
baza otdykha berezovaya roscha offers pet - friendly accommodation in tatysh .
a full buffet breakfast with regional jams and breads is served daily .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer .
daily breakfast is served in buffet style .
the centre of serfaus is a car - free zone , but alpin - apart bacher is always reachable by car .
onegin hostel is located in moscow , a 5 - minute walk from paveletsky train station and paveletskaya metro station .
you can also shop at the supermarket right next to the hotel .
ilica beach is 7 km from the property .
the property is located 2 km from the ancient town of nesebar and a 5 - minute drive from sunny beach .
private parking is available on site .
it is complete with a washing machine , safety deposit box and tv .
kitchenette facilities include a microwave , fridge and coffee maker .
split airport is only 25 km from podstrana .
the rooms feature parquet floors , a flat - screen tv and wardrobe .
cooled with air conditioning and fitted with hardwood floors , all the rooms feature a flat - screen tv and a work desk .
guests can use the courtyard dresden ' s body & soul spa .
guests can enjoy walking by the sea and restaurants can be found within walking distance .
free wifi access is available and the property is 1 . 4 km from the merville gun battery .
rooms include wooden furniture , satellite tv and private bathrooms .
breakfast is served in the breakfast room with arched walls .
superior rooms also include a tv and a seating area .
there is a concierge desk and there is easy access to the a44 motorway .
simply decorated with wooden furnishings , the bright and airy rooms of neon olympia feature a cable tv and a telephone .
rooms and suites at the windsor come with a seating area , a minibar and a flat - screen tv .
the surrounding area is a nature reserve where you can find various animals , such as deer and pheasants .
it offers air - conditioned rooms with a cable tv and a refrigerator .
free wifi access is provided .
ponte de lima is 26 km away and the peneda - gerês national park is a 23 - minute drive .
barbecue and seafood specialities are also available .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling and hiking .
the air - conditioned rooms all come with a flat - screen tv . lockers are available outside the room .
the structure is an elegant building , furnished in warm colours within a refined and comfortable décor of chinese fans , a lift decorated with historic carvings and a 19th century secretaire .
the samaya bali is 14 km from ngurah rai international airport , 5 - minute walk from ku de ta and a 10 - minute walk from seminyak square shopping centre .
the kitchen or kitchenette is modern and fully equipped , including tea / coffee - making facilities .
fitted with a furnished outdoor area , apartments at casa con vista will provide you with a tv and a seating area .
free wi - fi access is available .
the dapper ́ s hotel spa genuss is set in an elegant historic building .
this all - suite hotel in manchester provides free shuttle service to manchester - boston regional airport , 3 miles away .
deribasovskaya street is 8 km from royal apartment on korolyova , while odessa theatre of opera and ballet is 8 km from the property .
the full air - conditioned villa features a living room with flat - screen cable tv , dining area and fully - equipped kitchen .
the stylish hotel offers boutique - style accommodation and houses 4 dining options .
free wifi is available throughout .
shower facilities are in the en suite bathrooms .
situated in rome , rome city center apartments offers self - catering accommodation with free wifi . the apartment is 300 metres from cavour metro station , while santa maria maggiore is a 5 - minute walk away .
it features a sauna and an indoor pool .
within a 5 minute walk away from the property guests can find various restaurants , clubs and bars .
the nearest airport is ngurah rai international airport , 12 km from reddoorz near sanur beach .
free wifi is featured throughout the property .
free private parking is available on site and caen is 45 km away .
the spacious rooms at the cityexpress los mochis are decorated in neutral tones , with light wood furniture .
the apartment will provide you with a tv , a terrace and a seating area . there is a fully equipped kitchenette with a dishwasher and microwave . the private bathroom comes with a bath or shower .
packed lunches and grocery delivery are provided upon request .
guests can prepare their own meals since all the apartments feature their own kitchenette .
some units have views of the garden or city .
rio de janeiro / galeao international airport is located 20 km away .
each room includes a tv . every room is equipped with a private bathroom .
cooking facilities in your accommodation at residence le minerve will include a microwave , a refrigerator and hotplates .
the apartment will provide you with a flat - screen tv . there is a fully equipped kitchenette with an oven .
home to a friendly dog , the property features a private garden .
some units are fitted with a dining area and / or balcony .
located only 300 metres from iracema beach , this practical hotel offers air - conditioned accommodation with breakfast and free wi - fi in the reception area .
free wi - fi is available throughout .
the air - conditioned unit is equipped with a kitchen . a flat - screen tv is available .
each air - conditioned room at the hilton princess includes a minibar , coffee maker and safe .
the floathouse river kwai is 2 km from lawa cave , 5 km from mon village and 7 km from the elephant camp .
enjoying sea view , the on - site tavern prepares greek dishes and fish .
wifi is available in all of the stylishly furnished rooms free of charge .
set 200 metres from termini train station , best location in rome offers classic - style accommodation with air conditioning . free wifi is available throughout .
massages and treatments can be arranged for guests who want to unwind .
free wifi is provided .
offering a restaurant , casa vatra radauti is located in radauti , only 600 metres away from the city centre .
pondicherry railway station is 1 . 4 km and the puducherry airport is 8 km away .
ekol royal residence offers an outdoor swimming pool and modernly decorated apartments with a fully equipped kitchen , air conditioning and free wi - fi .
each one comes with cable tv , a seating area and a private bathroom .
guests will also find barbecue facilities and a communal sauna .
the nearest airport is roshchino international airport , 12 km from apartments 50 let vlksm 13 / 1 7 floor .
ngurah rai international airport is a 15 - minute drive away .
the accommodation is air conditioned and comes with a hot tub .
the accommodation is fitted with a flat - screen tv . there is a seating and / or dining area in some units .
guests can enjoy free tea , coffee and a city view .
at nine aboriginal b & b you will find free shuttle service , a garden and barbecue facilities .
free wi - fi is available in the reception area .
bike hire is available at this guest house and the area is popular for cycling and hiking .
koblenz is 50 km away and frankfurt - hahn airport is 35 km away .
stora torget square is just 100 metres away .
apartments include a fully equipped kitchenette .
all apartments at haus in der loferau include cable tv and have a balcony or a terrace .
set on tirano ' s main road , hotel corona is just 100 metres from the departure point of the famous bernina express red train .
enjoying panoramic views over the caldera and the aegean sea , alti in megalochori village offers minimal - style suites with outdoor and private , heated plunge pools with hydromassage facilities .
all air - conditioned rooms feature a tv , a hairdryer and an electrical kettle .
guests are offered the choice of newly renovated cave and stone rooms .
activities in the surrounding area include skiing , golfing and cycling .
it features bike rental and tour desk service .
the well - equipped kitchen has a dishwasher and a bbq .
the state circus and horki park are within 10 minutes ’ walk away .
free , private parking is available on site .
located in the centre of eilat , apartments for rent in eliat is just a 5 - minute walk away from the beach and the seaside promenade .
featuring a furnished garden and a restaurant , hotel remilia is 3 km from the historic centre of reggio emilia . the reggio mediopadana train station is a 15 - minute walk away .
porto mare features an extensive tropical garden on the atlantic oceanfront .
the spa area and indoor pool can be used from 07 : 00 .
the kitchen includes an oven and washing machine .
the cottage is surrounded by woodland and is only 1 mile from the beach .
a buffet breakfast , including traditional bread and pastries , is prepared every morning at the guest house .
situated 2 km from olymp entertainment park in gelendzhik , this apartment features a balcony .
hotel rural la casa del tio telesforo hotel is set in the small village of trescasas , located 15 minutes ’ drive from segovia .
guests will find a comfortable lobby with tv lounge area , bar and library .
breakfast , snacks and ice creams are served at the property ' s bar .
they come with air conditioning , flat - screen tv and a spacious balcony .
wifi and parking are included .
free wi - fi is available in the lobby .
the buffet breakfast can be taken in the comfort of your room or on the terrace under the pergola .
the property is 5 . 6 km from lac du vernay and 7 . 5 km from allemond .
the pivate bathroom comes with a shower .
modestly designed rooms at paris hotel include a tv and orthopaedic beds .
the nearest restaurant is 1 . 5 km away and the danube promenade can be reached within 2 km .
offering outdoor pool , ravnen is located in hasle and can accommodate up to six people .
the hosts will gladly enjoy wine - tasting with guests on the terrace .
barvikha hills luxury also includes a sauna and sun terrace .
the 24 - hour reception staff can assist with luggage storage , laundry and car rental services .
each air - conditioned room includes a tv with international channels .
free wifi is featured .
towels and bed linen are featured in this country house .
free public parking is possible on site .
it offers a terrace and a garden with barbecue facilities .
tulum archaeological site is 3 . 1 km from hotel el cedro , while the great cenote , a subterranean natural fresh - water pool , is 3 . 4 km away .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including golfing .
the supposedly haunted leap castle is just 20 minutes ’ drive away .
salamaua restaurant & bar is open daily for breakfast , lunch and dinner .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including skiing , cycling and hiking .
each apartment has an open - plan living space with a sofa bed , flat - screen tv , and dining table , while the kitchen is equipped with a fridge , microwave , toaster , and coffee machine .
rome fiumicino airport is 22 km away .
free wifi is available in specific areas in the lobby .
every room is fitted with a flat - screen tv .
hosteria sloggett is conveniently located only 8 - minutes by car from ushuaia airport .
the holiday motel fresno provides easy access to many local attractions .
a private bathroom and a minibar come as standard in the lavinia ’ s rooms .
many rooms have a balcony .
the madrugada enjoys a secluded position in the pou roig forests and enjoys wonderful privacy making you feel even more exclusive .
kotka and hamina can be reached by car in about 1 hour and loviisa kouvola in half an hour .
margao bus stand is 5 km away .
additional facilities are included such as meeting facilities .
a 24 - hour front desk is offered at this hotel .
bed linen and towels are included .
there is a seating area , a dining area and a kitchen .
there is a wide variety of cafes and restaurants in the direct surroundings of dutch charm apartment .
guests at the schlosspark can explore the scenic fläming - skate - bahn route on the hotel ' s rental bicycles .
it offers comfortable , traditionally decorated rooms with balconies and free access to wi - fi .
it features on - site laundry facilities and free wired internet .
there is a private bathroom and a seating area .
meals can be enjoyed at the hotel ’ s restaurant , where guests will also find a bar .
wi - fi is free .
its garden is equipped with barbecue facilities .
the apartments are ideal for couples , families or groups of friends .
all rooms at the businesshotel & apartments stuttgart - vaihingen come with satellite tv and a minibar .
ataturk airport is 15 km from the property .
in liverpool ’ s business district , days inn liverpool is a 10 - minute walk from the famous albert dock .
featuring a large balcony with views over table mountain , apartments at the afribode rockwell come with an open - plan lounge including sofas , a flat - screen satellite tv , and a dvd player .
you can savour country style cuisine in the restaurants located nearby .
a tv is featured .
santander airport is 25 km away .
chargeable barbecue tools are offered and you may arrange a lively roast with friends .
the property is located on the south - eastern part of samos , 2 km from pythagorio . the monastery of panagia spiliani is at 2 km away .
home club hotel ping an branch is a 15 - minute walk from feixiang park subway station and a 20 - minute walk from baiyun scenic area .
a number of activities are offered in the area , such as golfing , cycling and fishing .
lomana spa and wellness centre offers a fitness centre with a personal trainer , a hair salon , a library and a games room .
it features an outdoor swimming pool with a sun terrace .
it offers a fully equipped kitchen and a garden terrace .
the hotel ideal really is the ideal place to enjoy a fantastic view of lake garda .
a cable tv is provided in each room at super 8 sapulpa tulsa area .
izmir adnan menderes airport is 96 km away .
dagenham conference centre is a 15 - minute drive from the property and london city airport a 25 - minute drive away .
it offers soundproofed rooms with an lcd tv and a seating area .
private bathrooms come with a shower .
at resort sun cruise you will find a korean seafood restaurant , a restaurant that serves western cuisine , a sky lounge and a bakery .
pousada solar dos nobres offers practical town accommodation conveniently located in the centre of arunta .
laundry and an airport transfer to port elizabeth airport ( 6 km ) can be arranged by staff . the property can also organise tours to the addo national park and schotia safaris .
the volturno hotel also features a garden and a games room for children .
each private bathroom includes a hairdryer and complimentary toiletries .
apartment studio semafornaya offers accommodation in krasnoyarsk .
the air - conditioned rooms come with a cable tv , free bottled water and private bathroom with shower and free toiletries .
you can also enjoy the swimming pool .
they ensure fast connections to key destinations across the city .
extras include free toiletries and hot - water showers .
a dining area , flat - screen tv and private bathroom also feature in these air - conditioned apartments .
all rooms were renovated in 2015 with a design inspired by falun heritage .
located in alushta , prokhlada features free wifi .
set in a grand grade ii listed building in southampton ’ s city centre , town or country - imperial apartments is opposite oxford street ’ s cosmopolitan bars and restaurants .
free wi - fi , a buffet breakfast and a 24 - hour reception are features of this kiev hotel .
their private bathroom is equipped with free toiletries and a hairdryer .
viewpoint is a self - catering accommodation located in sopot .
the hotel is 100 metres from djemaa el fna , 100 metres from marrakech medina and 200 metres from souk of the medina .
the property offers free parking .
mitino park is 100 metres away .
holiday home slettevej vejby xii is located in vejby .
you can enjoy mountain and garden views from the rooms .
free private parking is also available at this apartment .
mudanjiang aizhilv apartment is a 12 - minute drive from mudanjiang railway station .
goodhope hotel , kelana mall is located in petaling jaya , about 6 km of various golfing options .
all the apartments come with a seating and dining area with a tv . the kitchen is complete with a dishwasher , while the private bathrooms are complete with a shower .
there is a heated patio terrace for outdoor meals and drinks .
a grocery shop is available 50 metres away , while a supermarket can be found 350 metres from the property .
other facilities like a fitness centre and meeting facilities are offered . the property offers free parking .
kitchen facilities include a microwave , fridge and a toaster .
a free shuttle service to the abzakovo ski lift ( 1 . 5 km ) can be arranged by usadba elovoe ’ s 24 - hour reception staff .
rome fiumicino airport can be reached in 30 minutes by car or train .
the newly built nestorinranta villa will provide you with a flat - screen tv and a patio . there is also a full kitchen with a dishwasher and microwave .
guests are greeted with a welcome drink and can choose the style of their room , which is subject to availability .
just 250 metres from the organized papikinou beach , tina ’ s apartments is set amidst a lush garden with seating areas and a bbq .
located on the shores of lake como , casa di mezzo is set in the heart of varenna ' s old quarter , in the lombardy region .
the air - conditioned apartment at the menada comes with a private bathroom with a shower , a flat - screen tv with cable channels and a fully equipped kitchenette .
featuring a bath or shower , private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and a bathrobe .
located in the village of treschietto , it comes with a shared lounge and free parking .
the private bathroom is complete with a bath or shower .
pulkovo airport is 13 km from the property .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out pomeranian dukes ' castle 1 . 5 km away .
located at just 2 km from dlf city ii and 7 km away from the chhatarpur temple , interglobe – comfort inn operates a 24 - hour front desk and offers free wi - fi throughout the property .
it offers panoramic views , free wi - fi and indoor and outdoor pools .
ísafjördur town is 180 km to the north and the property is within 2 hours ’ drive of the icelandic route 1 ring road .
offering a friendly bar and rooms with free wi - fi , this charming inn is set in the peaceful village of houston .
olympic stadium is 5 km from hostel by metro dmitrovskaya , while yeliseyevsky shop is 6 km away .
metro station centrum is 600 metres away .
there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and an oven .
arena corinthians stadium is 36 km away .
featuring free wifi and a 24 - hour front desk , amelia phu quoc is located in duong dong .
there is also a dining area and a kitchen fitted with a microwave and fridge .
children can enjoy swings and a trampoline .
there is a shared kitchen at the property .
guests of resort maramures can relax at the bar and on the terrace .
the living space includes a flat - screen satellite tv , dvd player , dining area and sofa .
enjoying an elevated position 450 metres from the nearest pebbly beach , apartment jurica provides self - catering accommodation fitted with air conditioning . the property is set 1 km from the centre of makarska .
caravaca de la cruz is 20 km from holiday home calasparra , while jumilla is 43 km from the property .
the hotel is a 3 - minute walk from nana bts skytrain station and a 5 - minute walk from ploen chit bts skytrain station .
rooms are equipped with a private external bathroom with a bath or shower and bidet , with free toiletries and a hairdryer provided .
the happy days is a lively and vibrant accommodation , located in the old town of malia , within walking distance to the bars and clubs .
locals calls are available at no additional cost .
en suite bathrooms have hot / cold shower facility and free toiletries .
this holiday home offers its guests free wi - fi .
this hotel in sarıgerme offers free shuttle bus to the beach , 1 . 5 km away .
hotel la madonnina offers comfortable accommodation amidst lush nature on a panoramic plateau , 750 metres above sea level , filled with pre - historic archaeological sites and typical age - old nuraghes .
there is a business centre and a beauty shop on site .
free wifi is available .
park inn by radisson amsterdam city west features 19 meeting rooms and a large ballroom that can house 1000 people .
kvartiras minsk apartments are a self - catering accommodation located in the centre of minsk , within a 5 - minute walk of nemiga metro station .
glyfada is 13 km from fantasia apartment , while sarandë is 33 km from the property .
all rooms at palmalife bodrum resort & spa feature a balcony and minibar .
some rooms feature a small sofa bed .
located in melnik , surrounded by the melnishki piramidi natural monument , hotel slavova krepost offers a restaurant serving bulgarian and international cuisine . free wi - fi is provided in the entire building and free private parking is possible on site .
matera cathedral is 400 metres away .
set directly on the shore of lake lugano , albergo ristorante la palma is located 50 metres from bissone harbour .
some rooms have lake van views .
backpackers san pedro hostel & excursions is 13 km from moon valley and 98 km from el loa airport .
parking at the property is free .
guests of the fairfield best western plus executive inn can work out in the on - site fitness centre or use the hotel ’ s business facilities .
the stowe country club is also nearby .
activities nearby include hiking , golfing and visiting le touquet , located 15 km from the property .
yantai haorenjia apartment is located within a 6 - minute drive from the picturesque tashan tourism scenic area .
ireland west airport knock is 41 km from the property .
every unit is fitted with a private bathroom with a bidet and a hair dryer .
breakfast buffet is served each morning .
with garden and pool views , rooms display a simple décor with colourful bedding .
the non - smoking leitner ’ s hotel garni provides spacious rooms and apartments with flat - screen tv and contemporary - style furniture .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including golfing , fishing and windsurfing .
breakfast is served every morning with homemade jams , garden - picked vegetables and freshly baked breads .
guests can dine in the property ’ s restaurant , or use on - site barbecue facilities .
this cosy accommodation provides free internet access and tastefully furnished rooms .
all rooms have a satellite tv , a coffee maker and bathrobes .
free toiletries , a hairdryer and shower can be found in the en suite bathroom .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out la malmaison art center ( 500 metres ) and les princes casino ( 500 metres ). nice côte d ' azur airport is located 19 km away .
slavske is 48 km from the property .
some rooms also include a fireplace and views of the surrounding mountains and fields .
asti , famous for its sparkling white wine , is 20 km away .
bodrum castle is less than 1 km , bodrum marina is a 15 - minute walk away .
there is a shared kitchen at the property .
the restaurant specialises in traditional elba cuisine .
a microwave oven , electric kettle and fridge are standard in all rooms .
the unesco world heritage site of patan durbar square is 5 . 5 km away , while swayambhunath religious complex is about 12 km away .
a restaurant serving local sea food specialties and featuring an open terrace is located just 20 metres from the property .
the guest house is 600 m from dlf cyber city , 1 . 1 km from udyog vihar and 1 . 4 km from mg road . indira gandhi airport is 7 km away . the gurgaon bus station is 3 km while the gurgaon railway station is 4 km .
free toiletries , slippers and a hairdryer can be found in the private bathroom .
it offers an indoor pool , a hot tub , and free in - room wi - fi .
the area offers plenty of various activities , including snorkeling , diving or kite surfing .
just 100 metres from sportivnaya metro station , this mini hotel in the centre of saint petersburg is a 2 - minute walk from yubileyney sports palace .
free wifi is provided and free private parking is available on site .
situated right next to the aker brygge shopping and entertainment area in oslo , thon hotel vika atrium offers free wi - fi and rooms with flat - screen cable tvs .
the national museum in gdańsk is within 500 metres and gdańsk główny railway station is 1 km away .
the quiet non - smoking rooms are all individually designed and offer views of the garden or the town square .
free parking spaces are available on site .
sassari is 24 km from antica pensione pinna , while tula is 31 km from the property .
evenings can be spent gaming at the casino .
many restaurants are located within walking distance . guests can find a wide range of local food around .
villa tomo also includes a sun terrace .
there is a spacious lounge to spend time with friends and a small library lounge where guests can read a good book and have a cup of coffee or tea .
friedrichshafen airport is 32 km away .
san simeon apartments is set in a central area of venice , just 650 metres from saint mark ’ s square .
some rooms offer mountain views and garden views .
the property can arrange excursions , including a tailored " magical mystery tour ", or a picnic , all available at a surcharge .
every room has a simple decór and are air - conditioned .
private bathroom comes with a bidet .
belosarayskaya kosa bus stop is a 15 - minute walk from villa s & v . mariupol train station is 26 km away , and mariupol airport is 25 km from villa s & v .
towering over the beautiful lake plastira , the 4 - star naiades hotel resort & conference offers elegant rooms with breathtaking views of the lake . a fitness room , hot tub and sauna facilities are available on site .
the villa belvedere is peacefully situated in belgrade , 7 km from the airport .
rooms at hotel madison bahia feature simple , functional decor and come with a tv , safe and private bathroom with toiletries .
offering views of the thermaikos gulf , the el verano hotel is centrally situated in paralia katerinis , just 3 minutes ’ walk from the beach .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a bathrobe and slippers .
all accommodation units comprise a tv and an equipped kitchenette .
most units have views of the garden or the aegean sea .
the hotel is 1 km from the cirebon train station and a 10 - minute drive from grage mall . husein sastranegara international airport is a 2 - hour drive away .
you will find a kettle in the room .
the spa centre offers a variety of body and beauty treatments , upon reservation .
haddington golf course can be reached in less than 10 minutes on foot .
flic - en flac beach offers water skiing and diving opportunities .
a continental breakfast is provided daily .
a sweet buffet breakfast is included .
daily maid services are available at gatlinburg inn .
breakfast is buffet style at the farmhouse , which also sells homemade produce including cheeses and olive oils , as well as sicilian ceramics .
kanchanaburi is 8 km from s hotel , while sai yok is 37 km away .
breakfast is available in the hotel ' s buffet restaurant .
schiphol airport is a 10 - minute drive away .
the port , and a selection of shops and restaurants are less than 10 minutes ́ walk .
the public areas include a lounge with a billiard table and a bar .
each room is located on the ground floor has an en suite shower room , as well as a flat - screen tv , radio and tea and coffee making facilities .
restaurants and a supermarket are 1 km away .
free wifi is featured and free private parking is available on site .
guests enjoy free wi - fi , private parking , and bikes can be rented at reception .
the apartment will provide you with a tv . there is full a kitchen with a dishwasher and a refrigerator . private bathroom comes with a bath or shower .
country grange b & b is a 7 - minute walk from wanglongbi and a 15 - minute drive from yilan longtan lake .
keth sisila bungalow is a bed and breakfast offering cosy rooms with free wifi . set in a quiet area surrounded by paddy fields , it features a restaurant , garden and barbecue facilities .
breakfast and lunch are served the second deck of yuzer hotel sude boran .
the rooms are decorated with warm colours and have a private bathroom .
lazise and the shores of the lake garda are 15 km away , while the gardaland theme park is a 20 - minute drive away .
all suites have been carefully designed , ranging from 38 m2 to 80 m2 in size .
apartments vukovic is a self - catering accommodation located in bigovo , 180 metres from the adriatic sea . the centre of tivat and kotor are both within 13 km of the property .
located in a tranquil area in hanga roa ' s city centre , cabañas raputuki offers accommodation with free private parking on site .
the black sea coast is 400 metres from the property , while national preserve of tauric chersonesos is 7 km away .
offering a barbecue and children ' s playground , guesthouse on trudyaschikhsya is set in anapa , 40 km from novorossiysk .
the property also offers packed lunches .
you can also cook a delicious dinner using the fully equipped kitchen or barbecue facilities .
featuring 2 tennis courts , an outdoor swimming pool and a restaurant , bay hotel motel is just 10 minutes ’ walk from lake macquarie .
set in the marquês area in porto , the residencial visconde unit has a metro station under a 4 - minute walk away .
sir william ' s hotel is located in timog , quezon city .
the kitchen features an oven , a fridge and a stovetop , as well as a coffee machine .
b & b lisella is 5 minutes ' walk from the basilica of san giovanni in laterano .
breakfast , half - board and full - board can be booked on site .
delectable thai and western cuisines are served at cascades restaurant and bar from 07 : 00 to 23 : 00 hrs .
classically furnished rooms here will provide you with a flat - screen tv and a seating area . there is also an electric kettle .
rooms here are tastefully furnished and fitted with comfortable bedding . a fully stocked minibar , flat - screen cable tv and air conditioning are all included .
this holiday home offers a flat - screen tv and free wi - fi access . the bathrooms are complete with shower , toilet and hairdryer .
the property is situated at the foot of the mystic mirnock mountain which has numerous cycling and hiking routes .
just a few steps from the beach , hotel harmony is in rimini , a 15 - minute walk from the city centre and 3 km from the exhibition centre .
you can play table tennis at the property , and the area is popular for golfing .
guests staying at vanessa holiday home can enjoy garden views and use complimentary barbecue facilities .
boasting a fitness centre , it has a restaurant as well .
šibenik is 13 km from the property .
all soundproofed guest rooms feature a minibar and a refined décor .
guests can lounge by the outdoor pool or exercise at the on - site jogging track . relaxing traditional massage and spa services are available .
a garden with barbecue facilities and a table tennis are available .
just 600 metres from the cn tower , otto ' s house hostel is centrally located in the city of toronto .
for dining , it is within a 5 - minute walk from seafood and chinese restaurants .
this hotel offers a wide range of services and facilities including a terrace , outdoor swimming pool , and gym .
this bed and breakfast is located a 10 - minute drive from central lyon .
a microwave and a toaster can be found in the kitchen .
towels and bed linen are offered in this self - catering accommodation .
daily breakfast is served as an open buffet .
staff at the 24 - hour frond desk can help guests with luggage storage .
the hotel provides free private parking , laundry and dry cleaning services and a tour desk which helps guests organise excursions to the city ’ s popular attractions .
upon request , guests will receive american breakfast and dinner services .
parking is available for an additional cost , and the airport is a 20 - minute drive away .
offering a garden , apart - hotel manov is set in yevpatoriya . yevpatoriya is 900 metres away .
the cnn center is less than 15 miles from the hotel .
the bürglstein hotel ’ s restaurant serves austrian cuisine prepared with seasonal products , as well as a wide range of fine wines , brandies and organic juices .
lunch and dinner are served at the restaurant right by the sea .
podgorica is 41 km from the property .
the private bathroom comes with a shower .
a number of activities are offered in the area , such as snorkelling , diving and fishing .
many restaurants , bars and shops can be found within 10 minutes ’ walk of the house .
it offers gym , sauna and outdoor pool with sun terrace .
located in the cotentin , 1 km from cherbourg and set in an old house from the 18th century , maison duchevreuil offers a large garden and a terrace . the sea and the beaches are just 2 km away .
resort chaya is within walking distance from local dining outlets and 500 metres from ao nang beach .
located in santa teresa di riva , it features free wifi and air conditioning .
here , guests can have their meals in warm months .
rooms at vila verde have pleasant pale cream interiors with country - style furnishings .
there is a cash machine as well as on - site laundry facilities .
they can also relax on the stone - built large terrace with sun - loungers and day beds by the pool .
moldavian dishes , as well as international cuisine , are served in the hotel ’ s café - bar , and drinks can be ordered there as well .
these modern and spacious apartments are just 100 metres from skagen ’ s harbour and 1 km from skagen train station .
the restaurant on site is well known for its delicacies and can organise events for large groups upon previous request and availability .
the property offers free parking .
all air - conditioned rooms feature city views , a tv with cable channels and a private bathroom with free toiletries , slippers and a shower .
activities in the surrounding area include horse riding .
guests can also relax in the sunbathing area .
it offers elegant rooms with air conditioning .
free wifi is offered and free private parking is available on site .
santana do livramento golf club is 5 km from cave 12 .
the town centre can be reached in a 5 - minute walk and tennis courts area 600 metres from the property .
it offers an outdoor terrace and garden , and free wi - fi access .
this hotel is close to popular attractions including the beach waterpark , the golf center amusement and recreation park , the university of cincinnati and xavier university .
this self - catering accommodation features free wi - fi .
the property offers free parking .
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave . the private bathroom comes with a bath or shower .
limited public parking spaces are available nearby .
paid secured parking in underground garages is available .
all rooms at tune hotel newcastle have air conditioning and come with a writing desk , a safety deposit box and a flat - screen tv .
at park hotel valle clavia you can relax by the outdoor pool , and enjoy a game of tennis or table tennis .
red hotel is located in the northern part of novosibirsk , a 5 - minute walk from zaeltsovskaya metro station .
borussia park stadium can be reached in 12 minutes by car .
facilities include a fitness centre and children ' s playground . rooms with a tv and microwave are available at tsulu beach bunk house & apartments .
guests can enjoy fusion greek cuisine at vivarium roof garden restaurant offering views of the valley of episkopos .
certain units have a seating area for your convenience . every room has a shared bathroom .
guests are also welcome to dine on the terrace .
an en suite bathroom with a hairdryer and free toiletries are included .
each of the en - suite rooms has a private bathroom with a shower as well as satellite tv .
each air - conditioned room here will provide you with a flat - screen cable tv and seating area . featuring a shower , private bathroom comes with free toiletries .
free wifi access is available .
rooms at the scandic hamburg emporio are inspired by the theme of water , and offer natural wooden furnishings and large windows .
the culinary institute is 7 . 5 miles from the property .
rooms at sukru bey konagi are decorated with old wooden furniture , minibar and an electric kettle . there is a flat - screen tv and a private bathroom with free toiletries , slippers and a hairdryer .
enjoy the loch - view restaurant and bar and the residents lounge . the inn is ideally located for mull , iona , skye , ben nevis , fort william , ardnamurchan , glencoe , oban , loch ness and for touring the west highlands .
within short walking distance of shops , restaurants and cafés , the alna apartment is about 2 . 5 km from mestre station . train service runs to venice , padua , treviso and san donà di piave .
plaza real , the commercial area , is 3 km away .
the kitchen is equipped with a stove , microwave and coffee machine .
sangate hotel airport is situated within a 5 - minute drive from the galeria mokotów shopping centre .
kettwiger straße underground station is a few metres from the b & b hotel . this offers direct connections to düsseldorf main station ( 2 stops ) and the königsallee shopping area ( 4 stops ).
every unit has a private bathroom with a bath or shower , free toiletries , and a hairdryer .
at pension mona lisa you will find a garden and barbecue facilities .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling .
light continental and rich buffet breakfasts are served in the elegant dining room , with large windows , marble flooring and chandeliers .
restaurants can be found at a distance of 1 km .
extras include a seating area and satellite channels .
the area is favourable for hiking as well .
bike hire is available at this guest house and the area is popular for cycling .
lincoln park zoo , navy pier and millennium park are all less than 2 miles away from the property .
free wifi is available throughout .
free private parking is available on site , and bicycles can be provided in summer .
free private parking is available on site at the apartments .
private parking is available on site .
featuring a pool , children ’ s playground , and free bike rentals , holiday home il moro novo is situated in the countryside of montalla , 4 km from camucia .
you can relax and enjoy lake views in the garden , equipped with benches , or on the terrace with tables , chairs and parasols .
for other meals , guests can dine at ronnie ' s wings & oyster bar , the on - site restaurant .
parking is also possible on site and at a location nearby .
the nearest airport is szczecin goleniów airport , 28 km from luksusowy pokój na wałach chrobrego .
the heated val de serantes feature bright decor and wooden floors .
some have sea views .
freshly baked bread rolls are delivered on request .
the hotel has a large swimming pool with sun terrace , a pool - side restaurant and a snack bar .
activities on site include canoeing , fishing and horse riding .
all beds have electronic adjustment controls .
the hotel features an indoor and an outdoor swimming pool with bars , a new renovated and air - conditioned a la carte restaurant offering typical istrian dishes and a lobby bar .
this self - catering accommodation features free wifi in all areas .
breakfast is offered for guests as well as packed lunches .
hume villa inn has spacious rooms equipped with bathroom amenities , cable tv and air conditioning .
ristorante hotel mira is 30 km from portofino , while genova is a 40 - minute drive away .
breakfast is served in the restaurant which specialises in polish and regional cuisine .
situated in sozopol ’ s new town , apolis is just 70 metres from harmani beach .
the grand place is 7 . 8 km away .
a cable tv and free wi - fi are also included .
massages , beauty and therapeutic treatments are also available .
the nearest airport is lombok international airport , 38 km from selasar hostel .
after going for a yoga session , relax at the sauna or steam room .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
the accommodation will provide you with a flat - screen tv with cable channels , air conditioning and a minibar .
the property is located only 200 metres from town , where guests can enjoy shopping or arrange tours or outdoor activities , including snorkeling and boat rides .
offering massages & aromatherapy , a public bath , a free - use fitness room , 2 western - style restaurants and a bar , the 4 - star kobe port tower hotel is 10 minutes from jr sannomiya station on the free shuttle .
a hearty buffet breakfast is served every morning in ibis budget aachen nord ’ s trendy dining room .
offering outdoor pool , a hot tub and a garden , summer breeze offers self - catering accommodation .
the nearest airport is verona airport , 8 km from the property .
kettles and hairdryers are available upon request .
the air - conditioned rooms have a cable tv and minibar .
bike hire and car hire are available at this guest house and the area is popular for snorkelling .
featuring city and sea views , this charming apartment combines traditional elements like expose stone walls with modern décor .
guests can relax on the terrace . there is also a shared kitchen .
visitors are invited to sunbathe in the garden or relax with a drink on the outside terrace .
free wifi is offered throughout the property .
the nearest airport is barcelona el prat airport , 11 km from the property .
rooms are cooled by a fan or air conditioning . each comes with a tv , private terrace and an en suite bathroom with shower facilities . a wardrobe , seating area and a private parking space are featured in select units .
just a short drive from canada ' s wonderland theme park , this comfortable hotel offers convenient amenities with a great location near shopping , dining and enjoyable attractions .
the nearest airport is kaliningrad khrabrovo airport , 19 km from apartments on prospekt mira 84 .
the tour desk at hotel jardines del centro can provide useful information on the best places to visit in san cristobal de las casas .
a continental breakfast is available daily and can be brought to the comfort of your room .
the beach is 250 metres away .
dining options include room service that serves multi - cuisine .
decorated in classic style , the rooms are comfortably furnished and include a work desk .
rest apartments on kavkazsky bulvar is set 48 km from sheremetyevo international airport .
villa & spa is located 2 . 5 km from the młociny park .
el paso is 2 km from the bungalows and los llanos de aridane is 5 km away .
saint - denis is 39 km from kaz ocean , while cilaos is 18 km away .
paszowice is 7 . 6 km from the property and it is 14 km to jawor with a protestant church of peace classified as a unesco world heritage site .
beijing railway station is a 20 - minute drive away .
the property is near the public ski bus to the alpe cermis slopes , 2 km away .
the property is 3 km from brest fortress and free private parking is offered .
featuring a bath , private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer .
guests can benefit from the free private parking provided on site .
there is also a kitchen in some of the units , equipped with a dishwasher .
you can enjoy mountain and city views from the property .
situated just 1 mile from norwich airport , the 4 - star mercure norwich hotel has a feel good health club , with a pool , gym and sauna . with a restaurant , it is 3 miles from the city centre and offers complimentary high - speed wi - fi throughout .
this traditional wooden - cottage comes with a fireplace , a flat - screen tv with satellite channels , a fully equipped kitchen with a dining table , a seating area , a sofa bed and a private bathroom with a shower .
extra with a desk and a coffee machine .
the aparthotel features free wifi throughout the property .
guests can visit nearby notre dame de la salette and gîtes les floralies is a 33 - minute drive from aix - en - provence and 45 km from the beaches in cassis .
shops and restaurants are within 2 km from the property .
within 500 metres , guests can find stores , restaurants and bars .
olivemare is 4 km away from the popular scala beach and just 2 km from the famous monastery of virgin fidousa .
each has a balcony or private terrace that overlooks the gardens or swimming pool .
the kitchenette has a refrigerator and a dining area .
all of the beit rose guest rooms are decorated in an elegant style with handmade ceramics and antique furniture .
kalina hotel is 2 km from the centre of borovets and the cable cars , in a natural setting .
all of the rooms at hostel instanbul belgrade feature a clothes rack and a safety deposit box .
offering free wi - fi access , it also features a sauna , massage services and a rooftop pool offering views over the sea and city .
the hotel features a contemporary décor , a terrace and free wi - fi internet access .
hot and cold shower facilities are in the en suite bathrooms .
featuring a bath or shower , private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and bathrobes .
some rooms have a shared bathroom .
air - conditioned rooms each come with a flat - screen cable tv , personal safe and an electric kettle .
bed linen and towels are also included .
further on - site facilities include free ski storage , a ski school and a ski equipment rental .
babie lato is 400 metres from the okuninka bus stop .
featuring free wifi and air conditioning , getreidemarkt 10 apartments is situated in vienna . hofburg is 400 metres away .
located only 350 metres from florianópolis ' canasvieiras beach , pousada dom toazza is a guest house offering air - conditioned rooms with free wifi .
hershey park arena is 2 miles away .
the property can assist with car rental services .
lungomare is 4 . 9 km away ant the archaeological museum in pula is within 6 . 7 km .
rooms in rattan resto fitted with a desk , seating area and private bathroom with shower .
the u1 underground line takes guests to the prater amusement park in 7 minutes .
isolation bay house is a 15 - minute drive from lake tekapo and a 3 - hour drive from christchurch .
there is a business centre at the property .
the family - run hostal remoña is part of a working farm , and offers home - produced meat and vegetables in its restaurant .
meeting rooms and business services are also provided .
guests can also enjoy regional specialties , as well as a selection of drinks in the hotel ’ s restaurant or through room service .
the bus stop can be reached within 100 metres .
near the gallia club you will find several bike trails to explore the beautiful romagna countryside .
the hotel is situated by the gdańsk - bydgoszcz - inowrocław - konin road .
gems restaurant serves a variety of international cuisines from the buffet or a la carte .
the property offers free parking .
royal city hotel is a 5 - minute walk from mandalay railway station and mandalay palace .
the accommodation will provide you with a tv and a seating area . there is a well - equipped kitchen with a coffee machine and a dining table .
air - conditioned rooms at sealife family resort hotel all open out onto a private balconies , most with mediterranean sea views .
the tour desk can arrange tickets for camp nou football stadium .
guests can relax by the pool which is equipped with sun loungers and parasols .
set in the historic centre of naples , the bellini house b & b is located next to piazza bellini square .
offering an absolute waterfront location on cunninghame arm lake , lakes waterfront motel and cottages features free wi - fi and a swimming pool .
the beach is set 800 metres from the alexandrovi apartment . cacao beach is set 3 km away , while the centre of sunny beach can be reached within 2 km .
ibis fujairah offers an on - site restaurant with a 24 - hour snack service .
located a 3 - minute walk from galtür ’ s centre , apart alpenkönig offers free admission to its sauna , steam bath and the gym .
you can enjoy city views from each bedroom .
a sweet and savoury breakfast is served daily including sweet pastries , cheeses and hot drinks .
there is a large dining area and a fully equipped kitchen .
set in the countryside , agriturismo due torri is just 15 minutes ' drive from soverato on calabria ' s ionian coast .
some rooms include a sofa and a balcony .
this comfortable youth hostel offers heated accommodation with either private or shared bathroom facilities .
offering a barbecue , children ' s playground and terrace , guest house pravoslavnaya ulitsa 48a is set in adler in the krasnodar krai region .
wifi is available in all areas and is free of charge . free private parking is also possible on site .
extras include bed linen and a fan .
the comfortable rooms of the waldhotel villa waldeck hotel have been tastefully furnished and come well - equipped with cable tv .
numerous bars , restaurants as well as supermarkets can be found within 5 minutes ’ walk .
it provides air - conditioned rooms , european cuisine and a sauna .
hotel cumpatu is located in sinaia , 3 km away from the castles of peles and pelisor , the cable car and the gondola , leading to the dorului valley , carp valley and sun valley ski slopes .
a flat - screen tv is offered .
the spacious , self - catering lodges feature a fully equipped kitchen , a dining area , a lounge , and a furnished veranda .
santa clara waterfall is 2 , 5 km from the hotel .
free private parking is provided .
ben gurion airport is located 21 km from the property .
the windows have mosquito nets and the bathroom is complete with hairdryer and free toiletries .
one bathroom comes with a shower while the other comes with an additional bathtub .
free parking is avilable on site .
regional meals are served in the restaurant with conservatory .
set in saint petersburg , this apartment features free wifi . offering private parking , the apartment is 12 km from petrovsky stadium .
other popular activities include cycling and horse riding .
zwin nature reserve and the belgian border are less than a 15 - minute drive away .
qingdao liuting international airport is an hour ' car journey away .
each room at this guest house is air conditioned and features a tv .
star coast is situated in the ji ' an township of hualien county , 5 km from hualien city .
offering free wifi , prityazheniye hostel is located in the south - east of moscow , 1 km from borisovo metro station .
the hotel is equipped with a business centre , meeting facilities and a tour desk .
lugano airport is located 20 km away .
the apartment is 11 km from beaches of south walton .
the en suite bathroom includes a bathrobe and slippers .
the property offers free parking .
there is air conditioning in all apartments .
the ybbstaler solebad thermal spa at göstling is 16 km from the property
alamos also includes a terrace .
it offers free wi - fi and an on - site restaurant with bar .
rooms include a private bathroom .
activities in the surrounding area include horse riding , fishing and hiking .
the hostal torrijos is set in a modern building with good access to the a - 3 motorway .
as well as the pool and relaxation centre , guests have access to the library and tasting sessions of local wines and savoie dishes .
some rooms have a private balcony ( subject to request ) overlooking the garden .
free private parking is available on site .
bathrobe and slippers are provided .
orlando premium outlets is 19 minutes ’ drive away .
bicycle rental is also available in many places near the hotel .
some offer a spacious seating area in traditional tyrolean style .
the apartment will provide you with a living room and a tv . there is also a separate kitchen providing all cooking facilities . the bathroom comes with a bath .
each room includes a flat - screen tv , a minibar and a work space .
the nearby sauerlach s - bahn ( city rail ) station provides a direct link to munich ' s city centre and exhibition grounds .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including horse riding and hiking .
aime - la - plagne train station is a 32 - minute drive away , while bourg - saint - maurice train station is 41 minutes away by car .
situated 300 metres from piazza in batumi , this air - conditioned apartment features a balcony .
the vadodara railway station is 1 . 5 km while vadodara airport ( civil airport harni ) is 6 km .
a tv with cable channels is provided .
wellness hotel harrachovka is new 3 - star spa complex in a quiet location at the edge of a forest , only 2 minutes from the centre of harrachov .
the accommodation is equipped with a cable flat - screen tv . some units feature a terrace and / or balcony .
plaza catalina park is across the street from the property , and las palmas port , with ferry services to cadiz and fuerteventura , is 240 metres away .
free public parking is possible on site .
accommodation will provide you with a tv and a seating area . there is a full kitchen with an oven and a refrigerator . private bathrooms also come with a bath or shower .
front desk staff is available 24 hours a day and can arrange a shuttle transfer to the nearby tennis court .
there is a living space with a sofa bed , tv , and dining table , while the kitchen is equipped with an electric kettle , toaster , coffee machine , and fridge .
at as - tu hostel there is a terrace .
all units feature a kitchen fitted with an oven and fridge . a stovetop and coffee machine are also featured .
sun beds are available at the garden , where guests can relax while enjoying the sun .
select rooms include a mini fridge and a private bathroom which come with a bathtub as well as hot and cold shower facilities .
le pas du ventoux is 25 km from orange and 8 km from the mont ventoux .
each has a private bathroom and a seating area , as well as a safe and work desk .
a good selection of restaurants and cafés are located in the surrounding streets .
the sanctoo villa has a wedding chapel and welcomes guests for honeymoon .
featuring free wi - fi , it offers colourful rooms with satellite tv .
in the morning , a buffet - style breakfast is served on hotel nisa ’ s rooftop terrace offering panoramic views of the mediterranean sea .
this elegant hotel offers an ideal location in tucuman , overlooking the picturesque 9 de julio park .
room service is available .
many shops and restaurant can be found in the vicinity .
bukovel ski resort is 30 km from chalet mont blanc , and ivano - frankovsk airport is 50 minutes ’ drive away .
the air - conditioned unit is 1 . 5 km from batu belig beach .
guests have access to a fitness centre and barbecue facilities at keystone gateway penthouse .
guests who wish to explore amsterdam in an active way can rent a bicycle at the hotel and request a packed lunch for their trip .
200 metres from shopping centre itc mangga dua , best western mangga dua hotel and residence features modern air - conditioned rooms .
you can enjoy pool view from the room .
free wi - fi access is available .
guests also have access to a shared kitchen , which is fully equipped , and a common room with a tv .
the unit is equipped with a kitchen .
guest rooms at the logis hotel au relais aspois are simply decorated .
car rental is offered for those who wish to explore the area on their own .
this hotel is set in the cottages that housed workers from the nearby power station . the pesquería del tambre is by the river tambre , surrounded by a natural forest .
the hotel am markt is situated in the pedestrian area of the viktualienmarkt market place in munich and is just a 1 - minute walk away from marienplatz .
the apartments boast a warm contemporary décor , with wide seating area and wooden floors .
el prat royal golf club is 2 . 5 km from the property .
fitted with wooden flooring , each air - conditioned apartment provides a lounge area with sofa bed and a flat - screen tv .
offering an outdoor pool and a restaurant , hostería rincón del pacifico is located in las peñas . it ’ s a short 3 - minute walk from the beach and features free wi - fi and on - site parking .
guests can slowly unwind in a public hot spring bath indoors or under the open sky .
massages are available , at a surcharge .
the guest house also offers car hire .
hotel - gasthof sternen is a 5 - minute drive from the centre of winterlingen .
esplanade des quinconces is 1 . 1 km from hostel20 , while place de la bourse is 1 . 4 km from the property .
acadian village is 9 miles from drury inn .
the complex features a creperie , as well as a poolside bar where refreshing drinks and cocktails can be enjoyed .
each room at staroyamskaya hotel is decorated in an elegant style with carpeted floors .
set on a large estate surrounded by almond and carob trees , this renovated farmhouse features an outdoor swimming pool and farm animals . it is situated between llucmajor and campos .
laundry facilities are available for all guests of the hotel .
the rooms have a private bathroom .
free wifi is available on site .
ipswich best western is located 5 minutes ’ drive from ipswich town centre .
a full kitchen equipped with a hob and oven is included in each modern apartment .
free wifi access is available .
all types of restaurants can be reached within a walking distance .
guests will find a microwave , refrigerator and coffee maker .
houston city centre is 20 minutes ' drive away .
the walton ' s mountain museum is 19 miles from the motel .
the bus terminal is 2 km away .
situated only 100 metres from the gaislachkogelbahn cable car , hotel grauer bär enjoys a quiet location a few minutes ’ walk from the centre of sölden .
opposite jesus green , arundel house is a 10 - minute walk from the famous cambridge university colleges . the vibrant quayside area is a 5 - minute walk , and cambridge market square is half a mile away .
sao bang hotel is 1 km from hoan kiem lake and 1 . 5 km from dong xuan market .
holiday home stendyssevej henne xii is located in henne .
the property is 20 km from salou and free private parking is offered .
milano centrale train station , set 550 metres away , has direct connections with the expo 2015 exhibition centre .
large windows flood the rooms with natural light and internet is available free of charge .
enjoy scenic ocean views from most of radisson blu hotel haugesund ' s comfortable rooms and take advantage of easy access to the airport and haugesund centre , located just a short drive away .
the town of makarska is 12 km from the hotel , while split is at a distance of 50 km .
free wi - fi at the bar and on - site , private parking are provided .
hotel paradís offers a terrace and rooms with free wi - fi .
stylish with accents of red , the air - conditioned rooms are equipped with a flat - screen tv , dvd player and ipod connections . a well - stocked minibar and a personal safe are also included .
each studio includes a refrigerator , microwave and kettle , and some also have a patio .
just 1 - hour drive from the city of barcelona , portaventura ® hotel portaventura offers guests free unlimited entry to the theme park and has direct access to the mediterranean area .
the pet - friendly accommodation is air conditioned and features a seating area .
there is a common library at del vivaio , with italian and english books , and multi - language dvds .
free wi - fi is available in all areas .
it offers free wifi in public areas and features a restaurant , bar and children ’ s playground .
at 360 ̊ tanawasin resort & spa you will find luggage storage and meeting facilities .
at wave on waves you will find a 24 - hour front desk and a terrace .
all units are air - conditioned and include a cable flat - screen tv and wooden floors .
set in montecarotto , b & b reillys is set in an 18th century building and offers a garden with bbq facilities , terrace and a shared lounge and kitchen .
free parking is provided .
la piscine art and science museum is a 18 - minute drive away .
san sebastián airport is 17 km away .
some rooms have a fully equipped kitchen .
there is also a fully equipped kitchenette with a refrigerator and kitchenware .
featuring free wifi and a barbecue , sigiriya hostel offers pet - friendly accommodation in sigiriya . the bed and breakfast has a sun terrace and views of the mountains , and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant .
hotel rural son tretze - adults only features spacious rooms with tiled floors and exposed wooden beams .
there is a seating area and a kitchen equipped with an oven .
the on - site restaurant , elements on hollis , emphasises casual dining with a diverse menu of inspired comfort food . global favourites are complemented by a vast selection of local craft beer .
vejle golf club is 2 km away , and packages can be arranged at munkebjerg ' s reception .
a library and a ski deposit with a ski boot warmer are also available .
there is a full kitchenette with a refrigerator and kitchenware .
the guest house is 100 metres from george kountouriotis manor .
activities in the surrounding area include skiing , golfing and cycling .
a grocery shop and a restaurant can be found within 800 metres .
holiday home østerbyvej sydals offers rooms with a view over the landscape and is located in vibøge .
a tv with satellite channels is offered .
leuca is a 30 - minute drive away .
free private parking is available on site .
every room is fitted with a private bathroom . for your comfort , you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer .
restaurant - hotel " stork " is situated in khmil ' nyk , 50 km from vinnytsya .
rooms have a classic design and come with a private bathroom complete with hairdryer .
this air - conditioned apartment features a fully equipped kitchenette and dining area .
underground and s - bahn trains are within a 10 - minute walk .
a breakfast buffet is served at the guest house .
free wi - fi is provided throughout the chedi club .
this property is 1 . 2 km from playa del carmen main square and 3 km from plaza las américas .
featuring a terrace , the air - conditioned accommodation is fitted with a dining area and a seating area with a tv . all units feature a kitchen equipped with a microwave and fridge .
supermarkets and grocery stores can be found within 500 metres of the property .
the hotel is located 5 km from gurgaon railway station and 3 km from city center mall .
an italian - style breakfast is offered daily , with homemade cakes , cereals and freshly - baked croissants .
vau beach is 3 . 2 km away .
budapest liszt ferenc airport is 18 km away .
the fishing and hiking is possible only steps away from the casa de vacanta pintea .
inn cube is located next to taipei high speed rail station , and is a 5 - minute walk from the presidential hall and 228 memorial park . by mrt train , it is 2 stops from the chiang kai shek memorial hall and a 10 - minute journey from taipei 101 building .
ski equipment hire and bike hire are available at this hotel and the area is popular for skiing .
set in a former train station , this hotel features a shaded garden and a continental breakfast .
room service is available 24 hours a day .
free wifi is available throughout the property and free private parking is available on site .
bungalows at cabañas & hospedaje villarrica borde lago are equipped with kitchen and bbq facilities .
with a 39 ” lcd tv , modern rooms at the smart feature a safe , minibar and carpeted floors .
extras include ironing facilities .
free wifi is available .
rooms at newton residence are air - conditioned and fitted with a flat - screen tv , wardrobe , desk and seating area .
a coruña airport is 107 km away , santiago de compostela airport is 145 km away and oviedo airport is 149 km away .
there is a restaurant nearby and on - site parking is available free of charge .
guests can enjoy eggs boiled in hot - spring water and purchase local gifts at the souvenir shop .
the free car park is just 50 metres away from the property .
belltower motor inn is a short 5 - minute drive from shepparton ' s town centre .
there is a 24 - hour front desk and shops at the property .
guest house čarman has a wooden rowing boat that you can rent and visit the island in the lake .
guests can enjoy the outdoor pool , restaurant and the water park .
bikes can be rented on site and horse riding can be enjoyed near the property .
bed linen is included .
zvoyzdny shopping centre , stefanovskaya square and kirovsky park are a walking distance from the apartment .
bread will provided daily by the baker .
the nearest airport is zhuliany airport , 5 km from apartment on tarasa shevchenko 58 .
the 2 - story inn offers guests 53 comfortable and spacious rooms .
it is 6 km from hisaronu district and 8 km from gemiler bay .
treviso airport is 73 km from the property .
guests can also relax on the rooftop terrace .
at mini - hotel izumrudnyi , guests can relax with a book in the library .
apartment on prospekt oktyabrya is an apartment situated in ufa , 2 . 8 km from russian drama theatre . the apartment is 10 km from intercession cathedral .
laundry and room service are available at shunde dongcheng hotel .
offering a balcony with mountain views , chli alpa b13 is 500 metres from the hörnli cable car and 1 km from the centre of arosa .
rooms at the slimiza suites all come with a flat - screen tv , safe and electric kettle .
guests enjoy free wifi and free parking .
the property offers a shared lounge area and table tennis .
the location is ideal for hiking and walking routes , cycling and horse riding .
the hotel is a 10 - minute walk from local kashi - no - ichi fish market .
it features a restaurant , free wifi access and a front desk that operates round - the - clock .
the apartment will provide you with a tv , air conditioning and a seating area .
the centre of drage village is within a 2 - minute walk .
the property offers free parking and ski storage .
each room is fitted with a shared bathroom .
city comfort inn shenzhen qinghu subway station branch is located in the bao ' an district in shenzhen , 13 km from shenzhen stadium .
the hotel is 5 km from siena train station .
towels and bed linen are provided .
located directly on paugus bay of lake winnipesaukee , this new hampshire resort boasts a private swim area .
free wifi is available .
the ferienhaus fuchslechner is an ideal starting point for hiking tours , and a cycling track and cross - country skiing trails are accessible directly from the property .
younger guests have the opportunity to use the playroom , playground and table tennis .
situated in the stari grad district in belgrade , 500 metres from trg republike belgrade , bicycle belgrade hostel boasts air - conditioned rooms with free wifi throughout the property . private parking is available on site .
most also benefit from an en suite bathroom , while some have access to a shared bathroom with roll top bath .
the apartment is decorated in lively and vibrant colours .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
falcone - borsellino airport is 55 km away and trapani is a 40 - minute drive away .
it offers accommodation with free wi - fi .
church of the savior on spilled blood is 2 . 1 km from 9th corner , while palace square is 2 . 3 km away .
the nearest airport is danang international airport , a 15 - minute drive away .
a continental breakfast is served out in the garden each morning .
dating from 1896 , the building retains many original victorian features , with its central staircase and sash windows still in place alongside the house ' s numerous updated and modern facilities .
there is a full kitchenette with a microwave and oven .
all luxurious guest accommodations include free wifi .
guests can browse the internet or take advantage of fax and photocopy services in the business centre at houma ramada inn .
there is a private bathroom with a shower in each unit .
the property is 3 . 8 km from emerald coast centre and 4 . 9 km from the beaches of south walton .
all rooms include air conditioning , a fridge and flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
it offers modern rooms with patio and free wi - fi .
recreation facilities at the resort include a fitness centre for working out and karaoke .
units at the property feature heating and a desk .
there is also a comfortable air - conditioned seating area and a furnished terrace overlooking the gardens .
coffee and cocktails are served by the trendy bar at mythos café or on the large sun terrace .
24 - hour reception is offered at oak tree inn alpine .
guests can enjoy a meal at the on - site restaurant .
the cairngorms national park is 1 hour away by car .
free private parking is available .
the bone chapel is within a 5 - minute walk , as well as dom manuel palace .
restaurants serving european and asian cuisine are a 5 - minute walk from nomad hostel .
ivanjica is 47 km from apartments micic .
day trips and car rental can be organised at the tour desk , while staff at the 24 - hour front desk can assist with laundry requests and airport pick - up arrangements .
each air - conditioned room here will provide you with a satellite tv and a seating area .
in addition , they also feature a balcony and a seating area with a sofa .
free wifi is provided and free private parking is available on site at casa navagio .
the hotel is 2 km from the famous tippu sultan fort , 3 km from the popular cubbon park and vidhan soudha .
saint sarkis cathedral and ovanes church are a 3 - minute walk away , and the blue mosque is a 3 - minute walk from the property .
activities in the area include hiking , cycling , and skiing .
at just 50 metres from the beach , hotel carama offers its guests free wi - fi and free breakfast in necochea .
aragonese castle is 1 . 5 km away and ischia ferry port is about 1 km from la vispa teresa .
the rooms come with bed linen and wardrobe . the bathrooms are private and come with shower .
kitchenware is provided , while towels and bed linen can be obtained at an extra charge .
each unit is equipped with a fridge , mini oven , cooking hobs and a flat - screen tv . the private bathroom comes with shower or bath tub and hairdryer .
all rooms at the airport zeltinger hof include a seating area with tv and radio .
guests can hike through the surrounding parks , which feature paths leading to nahuel huapi lake .
erawan waterfall is a 20 - minute drive while bangkok is a 2 - hr drive away .
freewifi access is available . accommodation will provide you with a tv . there is a full kitchen with an oven and a refrigerator . private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer .
ams hotel rooms are tastefully decorated and feature floor - to - ceiling windows .
a microwave and a small fridge are included in each room at the sun bridge inn pine bluff . a cable tv is also provided .
arena shopping centre is 1 . 6 km away .
guests benefit from a terrace .
alghero ’ s sandy beach is a 5 - minute walk from l ’ oleandro .
within 100 metres from the property you will find a super market and a bakery .
b & b la magia di corte moronati is 10 km from desenzano del garda . verona is a 30 - minute drive away .
landhotel prienbacher stub ' n has spacious rooms with flat - screen tv , telephone , and private bathroom .
at gera panoramica you will find a terrace .
free private parking is available on site .
all apartments have a fully equipped kitchen with kitchenware , a dishwasher and a microwave .
laundry and concierge services are also available .
the renaccino estate breeds pure - bred race horses and is one of the largest stables in italy .
the cosy atmosphere makes the rooms a quiet place to sleep or relax in .
free wifi is available .
there is also a tour desk and bike rentals .
dewa house bisma offers the convenience of on - site currency exchange , bicycle and motorbike rental services .
free wifi access is available .
barbecue facilities are offered , and grocery deliveries are offered at a surcharge .
featuring a terrace , the korab restaurant serves polish and international dishes , and features a selection of vegetarian dishes .
the property is located 5 blocks from plaza vea grocery store and 12 blocks from kennedy park .
its spacious marble bathroom is fitted with a rain shower , a terrazzo bath tub and a hairdryer .
the kitchen is equipped with the essential utensils to prepare meals , and guests can buy their groceries within walking distance .
guests can cook for themselves in the shared kitchen .
comfort hotel goiânia ( centro de convenções ) is 8 km from santa genoveva airport .
featuring free wifi in all areas , guangzhou one plus one business hotel offers accommodation with attentive service . free parking is available .
the private bathrooms come with a shower .
breakfast is optional , and snacks and beverages can be enjoyed on the summer terrace .
the 2 - floor apartment features 2 bedrooms , a living room with a sleeping area , a kitchen , and 2 bathrooms .
halim perdanakusuma airport is 14 km away .
activities in the surrounding area include cycling , horse riding and fishing .
reception staff can also assist with luggage storage , laundry , car rental and ticketing services .
the ploschad 5 yglov bus stop is just 50 metres away , and a 2 - minute walk takes you to murmansk ’ s central square .
600 metres from kaltenbach town centre , guests just need to walk 100 metres from haus theresia to the next ski bus stop .
guests can watch dvds in the shared living room .
the apartments at les appartements de la haguète & du sôtè feature place albert views at the front , a balcony at the back and a flat - screen cable tv with a dvd player .
villasimius is 15 km away .
shadow angkor villa is 600 metres away from pub street while wat preah prom rath is 350 metres from the property . the angkor national museum is 1 . 6 km away .
all rooms offer heating , tea / coffee making facilities and a refrigerator .
the distance to karpacz is 20 km .
garden views can be enjoyed from all rooms .
the hostel ’ s large , fully equipped kitchen has a dining area . vending machines for drinks and snacks are available on site .
it offers traditionally styled guest rooms . free wi - fi access and free on - site parking .
all rooms are air conditioned and equipped with a plasma tv with satellite channels , a minibar , and an en suite bathroom .
hotel apartamentos la montañesa is located in posada and offers self - catering accommodation with free wifi . posada train station is 170 metres away .
distance to yalta train station is 2 . 5 km , and simferopol international airport is 82 km from guest house tavr .
the raval barceló is only a 5 - minute walk from the macba modern art gallery .
a minibar and a private bathroom with shower are provided in all units at varosha hotel .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including table tennis .
this guest house , which can accommodate up to 6 people in 3 separate apartments , gives you the opportunity to stay in an old medieval residence in historic quedlinburg .
guests of saint cloud country inn & suites can enjoy the on - site hot tub and fitness room .
free wi - fi is provided .
opening to a balcony , terrace and patio with pool , mountain and garden views , the three - bedroom green villa includes a fully equipped kitchen and a dining area .
the property offers a free airport shuttle service . parking is available in the basement area .
the saint george is a 50 - minute drive from messina .
this kennewick , washington hotel provides business travelers with conveniences like free wireless high - speed internet access in all rooms and access to fax services .
casa artgo includes a balcony and patio with a washing machine .
taksim square , the heart of istanbul is an 11 - minute walk from this property .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
you will find a kettle in the room .
beewon residence insadong is 603 metres from anguk station ( line 3 ) and just 750 metres from shopping and craft shops at insadong .
the lilac garden and a sports hall are within a 15 - minute walk from hotel dobele .
this hotel offers regional food , free wi - fi and country - style rooms with balcony .
guests can go walking and cycling in the surroundings , which start next to the hotel .
hotel vysokii bereg park offers the perfect location for a romantic getaway in lovely , luxurious but classic surroundings .
city life b & b is located in jian , hualien , only a 3 - minute drive from hualien railway station .
front desk is open 24 hours and free wi - fi access is available in the entire hotel abbartello .
the ski bus stop is a 10 - minute walk away .
the famous royal mile is just a mile away , and waverley railway station is within a 20 - minute walk .
the restaurant offers breakfast and dinner service .
each room is fitted with a cable tv .
kids can enjoy video games at the indies kids club , while adults relax at the calm waters spa .
sawo inn spring inn has a 24 - hour front desk .
this self - catering accommodation features free wi - fi .
private parking is available on site .
for other meals you can choose between the international restaurant and the restaurant serving local specialities .
rydboholms also provides bicycle rental , billiards and a communal tv lounge with books and games .
free wifi access is available .
three bedroom holiday home is 60 km from cancún international airport .
shared bathroom facilities are available .
in summer , a garden with barbecue facilities is available , as well .
located on a pedestrian area in central lido di jesolo , the 3 - star hotel olanda is only 500 metres from the main street via bafile .
the private bathroom includes a bath or shower and free toiletries and hairdryer .
it offers free private parking and free wi - fi in its public areas .
a flat - screen tv with cable channels , as well as a computer are available .
this hotel is located near the city centre of santiago and features free wi - fi and an on - site casino . matum hotel & casino offers dry cleaning services and free parking .
this is just 2 stops from hamburg ’ s chh exhibition centre .
appointed with period antiques and furniture rooms come equipped with free toiletries , hairdryers and alarm clocks .
ekatontapyliani church is 800 metres away .
it offers ski - to - door access , a ski school , and alpine rooms with an lcd tv .
pousada do bosque also offers room service .
the modern apartments with white tiled floors offer both air conditioning and a fan , a flat - screen tv with cable channels , a balcony , wardrobe , and private bathroom .
select rooms feature a kitchenette .
guests can prepare homemade meals at gîte sion .
a bus station with connection to mykonos town is a few metres away .
the shared kitchen features a microwave , a fridge and kitchenware .
naples central train station is 1 . 5 km away .
the property features a garden , a terrace and an outdoor pool .
enjoy a quiet read in the shade of the exotic plants of the jardines del sols pretty gardens .
rice stadium is 1 . 2 km from rodeway inn & suites medical center , while rice university is 1 . 6 km away .
at holiday home birknæsgård you will find a whirlpool , sauna and terrace with a barbeque and garden furniture .
diamond pool villa is a 5 - minute walk to choeng mon beach .
malecon 2000 is a 5 - minute drive away .
the pool house is equipped with a fridge and coffee maker .
some rooms have a seating area for your convenience , and have access to the shared kitchenette with microwave .
this card offers many free benefits and discounts , including free use of local cable cars for 1 day and buses .
offering a barbecue and a private beach area , med sea gulet is situated in marmaris in the aegean region region .
the rooms come with a flat - screen tv .
featuring a bath or shower , the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer .
the apartments at molino de badalejos maintain many original features , including the wooden beam ceilings .
the centre of sölden is about a 7 - minute walk away from residenz allegra .
on - site leisure activities also include bowling , billiards , a children ’ s playground and a night club .
kents hill park is a business centre offering a modern leisure centre and stylish restaurant , as well as cosy rooms with free wi - fi .
situated in the village of huby , the new inn motel is just 10 miles from the city of york .
rooms offer both air conditioning and heating facilities . each room is equipped with a fridge , a humidifier and a flat - screen tv . the en suite bathroom comes with toiletries and a bathtub .
all of diana residence ’ s 2 and 3 - bedroom apartments are air conditioned and include satellite tvs and spa baths .
adler - sochi international airport is 28 km away .
bike rental and car rental are available at this hostel and the area is popular for diving .
car hire is available at the property and the area is popular for cycling .
located a 10 - minute drive from the botanical gardens , dormtur offers accommodations in viña del mar .
laundry , dry cleaning and shuttle services are provided at an extra cost .
the accommodation will provide you with a flat - screen tv and a terrace . there is a refrigerator and a coffee machine .
the modern apartments include a self - catering kitchen and free wi - fi .
marquês de pombal metro stop is just 3 minutes ’ walk away and avenida de liberdade , which hosts a variety of shops restaurants and bars , is 7 minutes ’ walk away .
free wifi is featured throughout the property and free private parking is available on site .
they come with a flat - screen , satellite tv and minibar . in the bathrooms , you will find slippers , free toiletries and a hairdryer .
all accommodation units comprise a seating area and a full kitchen with an oven and a fridge .
nearest restaurant , bar and mini - market are all within a 50 - metre radius from the angela .
this beautifully restored historic hotel is located in the heart of providence city centre , only steps from top attractions , and features exceptional accommodations along with friendly service .
towels and bed linen are available in this self - catering accommodation .
all rooms at the 2 - star hotel gasthof sonne include cable tv and free wi - fi .
bonifacio is 16 km from villa bianca , while la maddalena is 18 km away .
each room is equipped with a flat - screen tv and a private bathroom .
this property is 3 km from the seafood market and 1 . 5 km from the society café .
the bed and breakfast also offers car hire .
an italian breakfast is offered daily and includes hot drinks and croissants .
apartment nedovic offers pet - friendly accommodation in budva , 1 . 9 km from mogren beach and 3 . 8 km from jaz beach .
towels and bed linen are provided .
at hotel rahi you will find a 24 - hour front desk and a garden .
the reception is open 24 hours a day and there is a cosy shared kitchen , where coffee and tee is available free of charge .
this modern holiday home in gortipohl in the montafon valley includes a garden with barbecue facilities and a large balcony overlooking the mountains .
this air - conditioned apartment has free wifi and a private balcony .
select rooms offer river views and a spa bath .
each apartment includes a lounge area and opens up to a terrace or a balcony .
the kitchen features a fridge and a stovetop , as well as a kettle .
offering a terrace , each room at apartmani pima is air conditioned and fitted with a tv .
complete with a microwave , the dining area also has a refrigerator and kitchenware .
in winter time ( 26 . 12 . - 15 . 04 . ), the rates also include transportation to the jasná ski centre and in summer the minibus is at your disposal for various activities .
while some rooms have a terrace or a balcony , all rooms will provide you with a minibar and a seating area .
private bathrooms are fitted with a shower .
this small property is a 10 - minute walk from saint pierre train station , with frequent links to aosta .
l ’ onda villa is located a 10 - minute drive from the popular ku de ta beach club and potato head beach club .
other facilities offered at the property include a children ' s playground .
a buffet breakfast service is available daily , at a surcharge .
the villa is 2 km away from golden sands .
enjoying a quiet location in axams , appartement schlössl is set in a former farm house which has been renovated .
pension nuernberg - fuerth is 2 km from the a73 motorway .
overlooking the hills , in sassoferrato , cristina b & b features accommodation with a modern décor .
the bellavista hotel is set in the heart of compatsch .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with free toiletries and towels .
atlantis aquaventure water park is 2 . 9 km from courtyard by marriott nassau downtown / junkanoo beach , and blue lagoon is 9 . 7 km from the property .
breakfast at the vallechiara consists of sweet and savoury food such as brioches , homemade cakes , cereal , fresh fruit , hams and eggs .
private bathroom comes with a shower and free toiletries .
at hotel górski czarna góra guests can relax in a sauna and a hot tub , both available at an extra cost .
just 5 minutes ’ drive from the m6 motorway , innkeeper ' s lodge sandbach is a 10 - minute car journey from wheelock hall farm .
lake weißensee is 1 . 4 km from the property . neuschwanstein castle is 12 km from the landhaus , while old monastery st . mang and füssen museum are 7 km away .
there is a terrace and bbq facilities are available on site .
it offers simply yet clean accommodation and a tour desk .
there are 2 on - site restaurants serving national and international cuisine , and guests will find several other restaurants open all day within 5 km of hotel tropicana .
guests can spend the day by the pool or pay a visit to the fitness centre . there is also a spa and a private beach area to enjoy the peace and quiet to the fullest .
it features a restaurant , spa and air - conditioned rooms with balconies .
situated in vrboska , this air - conditioned apartment features a terrace . the property boasts views of the sea is 39 km from split .
a flat - screen cable tv and a balcony with city view are featured in this south beach apartment .
just off marylebone high street , ten manchester street is a 5 - minute walk from baker street underground station .
the tour desk can book tours of local museums and wineries .
enjoy the outside terrace and garden .
extras include a fireplace and a private pool .
new athos monastery is located 6 km from the property and soukhoumi is 22 km away .
some come with a living room .
this guest house is 3 . 6 km from pernambuco beach .
featuring a contemporary boutique - style décor , the rafaelhoteles by casanova offers air - conditioned rooms with a flat - screen satellite tv . there is a minibar and safe , and the modern private bathroom comes with a hairdryer .
antibes is 14 km away and on - site private parking is available for an additional fee .
the property is 2 km from the fingers beach and from gorlero avenue .
mafra national palace is a 7 - minute drive .
guests can enjoy a modern lobby with a choice of plush seating coupled with a library and a dedicated kids corner . there is also a novo2 lounge bar , where live music can be enjoyed .
the nadmorski apartment is spacious and decorated with cream colours and wooden furniture .
it is just 100 metres to the central schlosspark park , and free wifi internet is available in the hotel .
it consists of homemade pastries , bread and jams , orange juice , cheese and eggs .
each of the rooms at city - hotel comes equipped with a tv , and a private bathroom with a hairdryer .
a breakfast buffet is served each morning .
in the bathroom , you will find free toiletries and in the bedroom there is a hairdryer and a tv .
galeão international airport is located 12 km away .
it is located on the main road connecting ljubljana and rijeka .
they all have a private terrace and free internet access , as well as a tv with a dvd player .
the relais is 8 km from the town of capolona and a 20 - minute drive from the exit of the a1 motorway .
guests can enjoy a dining table and bbq facilities in the private terrace .
a snack bar is available in july and august .
it is a 20 - minute drive to thatluang temple .
at tsukuba epochal okura frontier hotel , guests can use the coin launderette , get a relaxing massage at a surcharge or use the free luggage storage service .
a free shuttle runs once a day to and from jr chitose train station , 26 km away .
budapest liszt ferenc airport is reachable within 20 km .
a restaurant is next door to the hostel , and a supermarket is 150 metres away .
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower .
pag lace gallery and salt museum , are within a 2 - km radius .
a 10 - minute drive to central ubud , swara hari villa features a private outdoor pool surrounded by tropical greenery .
this 3 - bedroom house has a kitchen including oven with hob , microwave , washing machine and dishwasher .
it features an outdoor pool and elegant rooms with a private balcony .
free wifi is available .
some also offer a flat - screen tv , dressing room , dining table , and seating area with cosy armchairs .
kyukokan sun palace is a 15 - minute walk from the shikinaen garden , and a 20 - minute drive from the shuri castle .
all rooms come with a minibar and a flat - screen tv . en suite bathrooms have a separate bathtub and shower .
the rooms at pudra hotel come with simple furnishings .
orchard road is 3 . 5 km away , while changi international airport is a 30 - minute drive away .
all studios and suites at residence inn boston woburn have fully equipped kitchens . each includes a fridge , cooktop , microwave and a coffee maker .
all include satellite tv , a minibar and a tea / coffee maker .
mount fuji is a 1 - hour and 40 - minute drive away .
the apartments come with a kitchen .
there is also a private bathroom with shower .
food and drinks can be enjoyed at gallery cuisine restaurant , lobby bar and pool bar .
a shuttle can be arranged for sir seewoosagur ramgoolam international airport , 49 km away by car .
each one overlooks the surrounding mountains and has an lcd tv with cable and pay - per - view channels .
the hotel has wi - fi and parking spaces ( charges applicable ).
relax on your balcony and admire the sea views and countryside .
this apartment comes with 2 bathrooms and can accommodate up to 7 guests .
the shared bathroom includes free toiletries .
the bed and breakfast also offers bike hire and car hire .
a microwave and a fridge can be found in the kitchenette .
anfi tauro golf course is just 5 minutes ’ drive away from marina suites .
the poolside snack bar serves beverages , drinks and an all - day menu for light meals and snacks .
other facilities like a shared lounge and ski storage are offered .
free calls to local landlines and free sewing services are offered by the monopol frankfurt .
a sweet and savoury breakfast buffet is provided daily including cold cuts , cheese , and pastries .
thira airport is 5 km from the property .
the verizon ampitheatre is 25 miles away .
all units are fully equipped , are conditioned and include seating and dining area .
the nearest airport is las americas airport , 23 km from apartment catolica .
deira city centre shopping mall and the gold souk are 10 minutes ’ drive away .
the nearest airport is pulkovo airport , 28 km from the property .
every room has a private bathroom .
a flat - screen tv is featured .
the nearest beaches are 2 km from the property and a public parking is 600 metres away .
the comfortable rooms are air conditioned and have a flat - screen tv and a coffee machine .
free private parking is possible on site .
nearby activities include snorkelling and fishing .
offering river nile views from its roof terrace , tiba hotel provides simply furnished rooms located in central aswan .
this holiday home is 52 km from reno - tahoe international airport .
just a few steps away , you find the town ’ s spa gardens , and scharbeutz train station is 1 . 8 km away .
each includes air - conditioning , carpeted floors and wood furniture .
the flybalaton airport is located 54 km away , shuttle service is available for surcharge .
the atomium is 7 km and brussels airport is 15 km from grand place the looks apartment .
gelendzhik airport is 3 km from the property .
located in mines view , baguio city , ibay zion hotel features simply furnished accommodation just a 2 - minute walk from minesview park .
the contemporary studios and apartments all have views of the vineyards or the private gardens from the large bay windows .
the shared bathroom offers shower facility .
the air - conditioned and heated apartment comes with a lounge area and satellite tv . there is also a dining table and a well - equipped kitchen with dishwasher .
guests enjoy free access to a hot tub and a sauna , upon prior request .
free wifi is available , and hiking and cycling trails , as well as a cross - country ski run , start right outside .
extras include bed linens and free toiletries .
it offers a restaurant and free wifi is available throughout .
surfhunt provides windsurfing equipment rental , as well as surfing lessons .
the calanda apartment comes with a fully equipped kitchen including a fondue and a raclette set , a balcony and a living area with a flat - screen tv .
lyme regis town centre , with its distinctive ammonite - style street lamps , is only 10 minutes ’ walk away .
free private parking is possible on site .
a daily breakfast is offered which guests can enjoy in the bright breakfast area , also with lake views .
offering an outdoor pool , guest house pani sofia is located in yakornaya shchel , a 2 - minute walk from black sea beach .
the rustic restaurant at the elrio serves authentic local cuisine prepared with seasonal ingredients .
located 400 metres from aquapark batumi and beach , this apartment features free wifi . batumi features views of the sea and is 2 . 3 km from dolphinarium .
this modern , heated apartment comes with 1 double room and 1 bathroom .
a buffet breakfast is served every morning , which can also be enjoyed continental style in your accommodation .
gilroy inn rooms include a microwave and refrigerator . the rooms are equipped with cable tv .
the prehistoric caves of kent ’ s cavern are a 15 - minute walk away , while the 12th - century torre abbey is 5 minutes ’ drive away . abbey park and torquay rail station are 5 minutes away by car .
featuring a shower , the bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and towels .
the árpád fürdő outdoor pool is 1 . 5 km from the property .
sunshine coast maroochydore airport is 33 minutes ’ drive away .
this bright apartment features large windows with impressive ocean views .
the king arthur suite offers wheelchair access .
a terrace or patio are featured in certain rooms .
it is found 500 metres from the opulent and domed nuestra señora de belén cathedral .
free parking is also available .
the guesthouse rents bicycles .
the bathroom is upstairs and contains a shower and a toilet .
the apartments at haus daheim all come with a flat - screen tv with satellite channels , a living area with a sofa bed for 2 , and a fully equipped kitchen or kitchenette .
this modern spa hotel is located in the village of wilgartswiesen in the pfälzer forest nature park , boasting an indoor pool and wide range of massage and spa treatments .
blue birds is 13 minutes ' walk from cable bay vineyard & restaurant .
set in the florida keys in the city of tavernier , this all - suite property features an on - site restaurant along with in - room fully equipped kitchens and easy access to key largo , 10 minutes ' drive away .
the area has a number of hiking and cycling routes , and the rosarito reservoir with its numerous bird species , is just 6 km away .
each unit is fitted with a private bathroom with a bath or shower .
the kitchen is equipped with a microwave , oven and a dishwasher .
the spa town of baden with its casino is only 10 km away , and vienna airport is a 25 - minute drive away .
hampton inn seaford ’ s reception is open 24 / 7 .
some rooms feature views of the mountain or lake .
jenbach can be reached with a unique steam cog railway .
each apartment has a private bathroom and the kitchen is fully equipped with cutlery , crockery and cookware .
the nearest train station is set 40 km away , while innsbruck airport is located 80 km from the premises .
it features spacious rooms with free wi - fi and a mini - fridge .
kaliningrad is 33 km from the property .
villa čerych features free wifi .
a sweet breakfast is served daily and includes homemade cakes . this morning treat is served at the table in the breakfast room of a casa di lucia .
utapao - rayong - pataya international airport is 30 km away .
grilled meat and traditional lazio dishes can be enjoyed at the property ’ s restaurant .
featuring mediterranean architecture , a seasonal swimming pool and a terrace with outdoor seating , casa corte is located 6 km from the historic centre of javea and 5 km from la barraca beach .
at archontiko soulioti you will find a garden , a bar and a snack bar .
the spacious 11th - floor indoor hot - spring bath offers beautiful views of hakodate .
some have sea views .
the hotel offers luggage storage service and a vending machine to purchase refreshments .
the historic city of kassel with its unesco attractions is a 45 - minute drive away .
the private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower .
barbecuing and organising a bonfire is possible outside , in the garden .
children ' s playground is provided .
from the property , ihotewu beach and jeju international airport are each within a 10 - minute drive . the famous halla arboretum is also a 10 - minute drive away .
the private bathroom comes with free toiletries .
as a guest of the zsófia panzió pápa you will get a 10 % discount on the admission fee for the thermal bath .
pellonhovi ’ s staff can help arrange river rafting trips , snowmobile safaris and other activities .
towels and linens are also provided .
the dining area provides dining tables where guests can share a meal .
offering an outdoor pool and a restaurant , pousada alto da lagoa is located in florianópolis , 2 km from conceicao lagoon , and includes free wifi and free breakfast .
the hotel is a 5 - minute walk from world horticultural exposition garden , a 15 - minute drive from laoshan scenic area and a 40 - minute drive from qingdao railway station .
la mamma serves traditional italian or french cuisine and regional specialties .
guests benefit from patio and a sun terrace . free wifi is provided throughout the property .
each room has a private bathroom equipped with a shower .
located in kissimmee , florida , this self - catering apartment offers an outdoor pool , a children ’ s pool , and free wifi access throughout the resort .
free wifi access is available throughout this holiday home .
the hotel ' s restaurants offer a wide choice of menus catered by award - winning chefs .
free private parking is available on site .
situated just 2 minutes ’ walk from lincolnshire beach , the grange & links hotel stands in 4 acres of private grounds and features a gym , tennis courts and an 18 - hole links golf course .
the village centre with restaurants , bars and shops is only 20 metres away .
situated in nikolaevka , club hotel ellada boasts a restaurant , bar and free wifi throughout the property . guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant .
staff at the 24 - hour reception can assist with laundry , luggage storage , ironing and room service .
it also offers omelettes , homemade breads and deli cakes .
an equipped kitchen comprises an oven , a fridge , a microwave and a dining area .
traditional and international cuisine are served at the restaurant of strazhite hotel .
the younger guests of the ter kelling can have fun in the playground with carousel .
the rooms are fitted with a private bathroom .
the reception at the af hotel is open 24 / 7 .
veh - studios offer free wifi and are very quietly located in lindau , 100 metres from the park and lake baths .
there are three restaurants serving egyptian and international cuisine .
the apartment is air - conditioned and features a flat - screen tv and a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher .
villa shakti is 15 minutes ’ drive from seminyak beach and its beach clubs , while it takes 40 minutes ’ drive from ngurah rai international airport .
leisure activities in the area include canoeing and cycling .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
just steps from local vietnamese food stalls and cafés , tuyen son hotel is 2 . 5 km from my khe beach and 3 . 5 km from han river . it features complimentary wi - fi access and private parking .
totally surrounded by nature , camaratuba hotel fazenda is a farm stay located in mamamguape .
admiralty building is 4 . 2 km from apartment kiyevskaya 3 , while palace square is 4 . 3 km from the property .
frisian food and fresh fish dishes are served in the hotel restaurant .
there is a dining area and a kitchen equipped with microwave .
each includes a kitchenette equipped with a refrigerator and stovetop .
galeão international airport is located 18 km away .
centrally located , the property is just 850 metres from the opera and ballet theatre of novosibirsk , and 2 km from the state public scientific and technical library of russia .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling .
located in the owner ' s house , the room is equipped with a flat - screen tv and blu - ray player .
burgas city is 20 km away from boutique rose gardens beach & spa hotel , while sunny beach is 21 km away .
opatija is 36 km away .
there is a full kitchen , with a microwave and an oven , and private bathrooms with a spa bath or shower .
this luxurious resort offers an on - site marina . the resort also features a full - service spa and rooms provide ocean views and free wifi .
personal chefs and massage services can also be arranged on request .
zagreb airport is 15 km from the property .
free wifi access is available .
the private and dormitory rooms are simply furnished .
free wifi is offered throughout the property .
free parking is provided , and airport shuttles can be arranged .
the closest metro station is avenida , less than 10 minutes ’ walking from the studio .
the beachfront promenade is 15 minutes ’ drive from sea of northern dreams , and puerto peñasco international airport can be reached in a 20 - minute drive .
it offers a restaurant , free parking and free wi - fi in public areas .
the beaches of the costa de la luz are 30 km away and you can drive to cadiz in an hour .
le stanze di santa croce may also arrange cooking lessons and wine tasting .
the unit is equipped with a kitchen .
classical style rooms here will provide you with a flat - screen tv featuring satellite channels . there is also an electric kettle .
the rooms are colourful and have a classic décor .
relaxing massages await at the spa while children are entertained at kidz paradise .
a full breakfast buffet is served every morning at the clos raymi , which guests can enjoy on the terrace on sunny days .
at appartamento chianurre you will find a garden and barbecue facilities .
shichahai international plaza beijing is a 3 - minute walk from the former residence of song qingling and the prince gong ’ s mansion ( gongwang fu ).
the university of alaska is 4 . 5 miles from the hotel .
shuttle service is provided upon request .
featuring a fireplace and exposed wooden beams , this air - conditioned house includes a spacious seating area with satellite tv and a dining area that opens onto a terrace .
located at the black sea beachfront in shekhvetili , iberia hotel features an outdoor pool , a fitness centre and a garden . free wifi and free private parking are offered in the hotel .
the rooms come with a tv . you will find a kettle in the room .
located off highway 71 , this hotel is about 10 minutes ’ drive from buescher state park .
free public parking is possible on site .
other facilities include a washing machine .
free wifi access is available in all areas .
featuring air conditioning , apartments katalyn offers accommodation in privlaka .
chalets del caribe town houses is located 5 minutes ’ drive from juan dolio beach and 3 . 7 km from playa real beach .
the picos de europa national park is just beyond .
the property offers free parking .
in the evenings , head to the buffet restaurant to try the wide variety of delicious dishes , or enjoy a fresh steak in the grill restaurant .
the front desk of this san jose hotel is open 24 hours a day .
some have private and some shared bathroom facilities .
surrounded by beautiful nature , snowtrail dogcamp lodge is 45 km north of gällivare .
it is situated within walking distance of popular thai boxing training venues , such as tiger muay thai , dragon muay thai and phuket top team .
residence villa lidia is located 150 metres from riccione beach .
the hotel serves a buffet breakfast with eggs and fresh fruit .
the dar bladi is a traditional moroccan guest house located in talmasla , just outside ouarzazate .
the bathroom comes with a bath or shower and free toiletries .
apartments and studios feature wooden floors a flat - screen tv with cable and satellite channels .
downtown dallas is 36 miles away .
guests can use a shared kitchen and relax in a games room with a tv . a washing machine and dryer can be used at an additional cost .
there is a private bathroom with a shower .
private parking is possible on site .
the functional rooms include a tv and free wi - fi .
the rooms offer spacious and simple interiors . they come equipped with a cable tv and a telephone .
belgrade nikola tesla airport is located 17 km away .
from late may to mid - october , the stubai super card is included in the rate . this card offers many free benefits and discounts , including free use of local cable cars and public transport in the valley and to innsbruck .
staff at the 24 - hour front desk can assist with luggage storage and safety deposit box and currency exchange .
the buses stop 250 metres away , while the train station can be found in split , 25 km away .
this small property features 13 guest rooms .
the first floor features a living room with flat - screen tv , a full kitchen and a toilet .
there are also several chinese restaurants , noodle and barbecue dining places located around the hotel .
set in paris , this apartment features free wifi . the apartment is 300 metres from pompidou centre .
featuring wifi , le domaine du rossignon offers pet - friendly accommodation in casteljaloux .
guests benefit from a restaurant and lounge café .
guests enjoy benefits at the partner taborin italian restaurant , which is only 100 metres away .
adana railway station is only 2 km away , which provides easy access to local sites including the airport .
room service is provided upon request .
offering views of the ionian sea and the garden , all studios at filoxenia are spacious and simply furnished .
the mediterranean garden features a swimming pool and a pond .
featuring a garden , azienda agrituristica ca ’ martino offers self - catering apartments in a quiet area .
shops and restaurants are located within 600 m from the residence .
room service is available and the front desk is open 24 hours a day .
casa baron offers self - catering units in san vito lo capo , just a 15 - minute walk from the coast and its beautiful beaches .
an lcd tv with satellite channels and a kitchenette , tea - and coffee - making facilities are also provided .
haus berenice offers free wifi and free parking .
a peaceful courtyard is also featured .
the sklep 57 has a garden , children ’ s playground , a bike storage room and free on - site parking for up to 4 cars .
the nearest airport is krakow - balice airport , 11 km from the property .
rustaveli theatre is 2 km from nato ` s apartment .
most have a kitchenette with a dining table .
a buffet breakfast is served each morning , while the glass - covered restaurant serves tuscan cuisine .
each season the menu changes and different meals are served .
at top old city vilnius apartments guests can prepare meals in the privacy of their apartment .
national constitution center is 450 metres from kimpton hotel monaco philadelphia , while reading terminal market is 1 . 3 km away .
each unit has a minibar and air conditioning .
it offers 3 restaurants , a 2 , 000m2 spa area , and conference facilities . free wifi is provided .
all rooms have a bathroom with a hairdryer and a shower or a tub .
set in paris , residence central marais is 400 metres from pompidou centre . notre dame cathedral is 800 metres from the property .
a kids ' room is available .
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven .
airport shuttle is available at a surcharge .
all rooms include a tv with satellite channels .
the kitchen is well equipped for and a dining table is offered .
free wifi access is available .
the nearest airport is pisa international airport , 73 km from the property .
free breakfast and wi - fi is offered to all guests .
the house includes 2 bedrooms , a living room with a tiled stove , a fully equipped kitchen and a terrace .
the apartment is located on the 1st floor and features a kitchen with a microwave .
on - site parking is possible .
there is a private bathroom with a hot tub and bath .
gågata shopping street is 2 minutes ' walk away .
you will find room service at the property .
hardly 50 metres from the lush green spice plantations and the munnar elephant ride , munnar blooms operates a 24 - hour front desk .
private bathrooms come equipped with a walk - in shower .
located 6 km from church of the savior on spilled blood and 6 km from hermitage museum , apartment kondratyevsky offers accommodation in saint petersburg . the unit is 6 km from palace square .
it is next to a ski bus stop and offers apartments with a washing machine and balcony .
guests can benefit from free wifi , an air conditioning system and a common kitchen .
guests at the hotel can dine in the on - site restaurant operating 24 / 7 .
a 12 - minute walk will take you to barcelona ’ s la rambla and barceloneta beach is 3 km away .
the nearest airport is krasnodar international airport , 12 km from hostels rus - krasnodar stavropolskaya .
free wifi is available in public areas .
free wifi is offered throughout the property .
at ly phuc homestay , guests can approach the friendly staff to arrange cycling activities and sightseeing trips .
the spacious studio comes with a balcony and a kitchenette . it has a seating area and is equipped with a tv and dvd player .
guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant , free wifi and free parking .
free public parking is available right outside the hotel .
asian cuisine and fresh seafood is served at the hotel ’ s signature s . e . a restaurant .
semi - outdoor bathrooms provide a relaxing experience close to nature .
the hotel is close to the pedestrian shopping area around via garibaldi .
cross country skiing trails start right next to the property .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
located 8 km from the beaches of tricase porto , contrada macchia b & b is a country property set in lush gardens and olive groves .
rooms at astala are elegant and modern , with an en suite bathroom as well as a large tv and tea and coffee making facilities .
pattaya floating market is 4 km from sea crest by jomtien , while mimosa pattaya is 7 km away .
the accommodation features a flat - screen tv in the living area , and a dining area .
the hochfügen - hochzillertal cable car is a 5 - minute drive away .
hotel thema is set in the thema policenter industrial park , 5 km from rocca san giovanni .
guests can also enjoy the terrace with a view and outdoor furniture .
zagroda bamberska is located in a quiet part of the city with only 800 metres to sołacki park and its beautiful lake .
in - room massages can be arranged at an extra charge , and free bicycles can be borrowed from the front desk .
kionia beach and tinos town are both at a distance of 1 km .
free parking is available nearby .
at hotel excelsior you will find a 24 - hour front desk and a bar .
set on rimini ’ s beachfront , hotel costa azzurra features an outdoor pool , free wi - fi throughout .
located in the centre of saint petersburg , apartments uyut features modern - style accommodation with free wi - fi access . the nevsky prospect is a 10 - minute walk away .
liberty avenue is 1 . 4 km from your home in palacio santa catarina , while amoreiras is 1 . 7 km away .
rental bikes are available at reception .
guests can request for laundry and luggage storage services .
the closest restaurant is just 10 metres away , while a café and a grocery shop can be reached in a few steps .
the reception is open 24 hours , and a vending machine is on site for added convenience .
hot air balloon rides and fly fishing river tours are available .
all rooms are equipped with a flat - screen tv .
surrounded by mountains in a peaceful highland area , alphabet is cosy family - owned accommodation .
kaktus playa is set in the centre of calella . this town is perfectly placed to visit catalunya ' s most popular sights .
it offers a terrace with outdoor furniture .
free wi - fi and tv are standard in all colourful rooms at this family - run b & b .
cam ranh international airport is 27 km away .
many dining places can be found nearby .
in the restaurant you can an excellent cuisine with natural , organic products , as well as a wide selection of wines , some of which come from the hotel ’ s own vineyard .
the upper largo restaurant offers steaks , curries , burgers , as well as highland dishes including venison steak and haggis mash , and east neuk fish and chips .
rooms includes a fan , a mosquito net and a private bathroom with a shower .
the nearest airport is cork airport , 79 km from hillcrest guest house .
the fully - equipped kitchen has a dishwasher and the private bathroom is fitted with a hairdryer .
you can enjoy a sea view from all the rooms .
frias properties of aspen offers 9 holiday homes in aspen .
guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant , with grocery delivery and packed lunches available on request .
the apartment is classically decorated and consists of a separate bedroom , and a living room with a flat - screen satellite tv and sofa bed .
most include a seating area .
cross - country ski trails pass by bacherhof , and hiking and mountain biking are popular activities in the region .
the apartment has 1 bedroom and a living room with a flat - screen tv . the bathroom is complete with a bath .
the alba apartmanok in siófok offers self - catering apartments featuring free wifi . the property is 1 km from siófok train station and 3 km from the galerius bath .
fresh bread can be delivered to your apartment every morning .
bjertorp slott is an elegant manor hotel dating back to 1914 , offering an excellent example of swedish art nouveau architecture and surrounded by a lush , green park area .
supetar with the ferry terminal is 8 km away .
a flat - screen tv is provided .
a variety of dishes for lunch and dinner is served at the restaurant .
the rooms come with modern , colourful decor and a small dining area .
children can enjoy the playground , while the whole family can relax in the communal picnic area or on one of the many vineyard walks .
a full - service bar features cocktails , beer , and wine near the pool . a snack bar offers pre - packaged snacks for purchase .
guests can find a wide range of local food around .
the dorms have lockers .
the paje kite beach is 3 km from the hotel and zanzibar international airport is 45 minutes ’ drive away .
the accommodation provides a tv , a terrace and a seating area .
some rooms have sea views towards st helier bay .
fitted with stone elements and wrought - iron beds , this air - conditioned villa at cerigo has a seating area with a flat - screen tv .
vorokhta is 20 km from goryanka , while verkhovyna is 39 km from the property .
alcazar cabaret and art in paradise are 4 . 6 km and 5 . 2 km away .
there is free private parking available at the hotel , and ludwigshafen ( rhein ) main station is 9 km away .
featuring a shower , the private bathroom also comes with free toiletries .
czech and international dishes are served in the patriot restaurant , while italian cuisine can be enjoyed in the di gusto café & restaurant .
for further relaxation , you can also organize a barbecue on site and play billiards or table tennis .
the vibrant centre of cesme is 9 km from the property .
nakamanda resort is a 20 - minute drive from ao nang beach and a 40 - minute drive from krabi international airport .
there is a seating area with a sofa and satellite tv . the kitchen has an oven , microwave , fridge and electric hob .
you can prepare meals using the chalet ’ s kitchen , which is equipped with hotplates , an oven and a microwave . a coffee machine and a dishwasher are also provided for your convenience .
pulkovo international airport is 19 . 5 km away .
facilities include a flat - screen tv , cd / dvd players , radio and toaster .
the air - conditioned unit is fitted with a kitchen .
aqualuz is located among white sandy beaches protruding in the atlantic ocean on the troia peninsula .
the cathedral is 5 stops away on the red line .
family apartment on surikova offers self - catering accommodation in yekaterinburg , a 10 - minute walk from chkalovskaya metro station .
a breakfast buffet is available in the schwarzer adler , the partner hotel just 150 metres away .
located in ortakoy district , midtown istanbul is just 300 metres from the sea .
the lurisia thermal baths can be reached in 30 minutes by car .
you will find a shared kitchen at the property .
corsario is in front of ossos beach and benefits from leisure activities nearby including city tour and diving .
ba liang fang chinese restaurant serves a selection of chinese dishes .
the unit is 1 . 8 km from helsinki bus terminal , and guests benefit from free wifi and private parking available on site .
the seatac crest motor inn provides a number of thoughtful amenities , including a free light continental breakfast and free wi - fi access .
located in hamburg ' s quiet district of bramfeld , this hotel offers free wi - fi internet access , free public parking , and quick and easy public transport links to the city centre .
free wi - fi is available in the business centre .
elysee is a self - catering apartment located in the 8th district in paris , only 500 metres from avenue des champs - elysées . free wifi access is available and the property is 800 metres from gare de paris - saint - lazare .
the apartment will provide you with air conditioning and a balcony .
free wifi is provided in the entire property .
pensiunea denisa features free wifi throughout the property .
free wifi access is available .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out avenue des champs - elysées ( 1 . 9 km ). pigalle metro station is also 1 . 9 km away . paris - charles de gaulle airport is located 22 km from the property .
the a1 motorway is only 1 km away .
a light buffet breakfast is offered daily in the dining area , and drinks are available at vending machines .
agrigento is 18 km from the noceto .
snacks served at snack bar include pizza , pita and meatballs .
situated 1 . 5 km from the centre of lucca , guest magnolia is a self - catering accommodation with free wifi , a garden and a satellite flat - screen tv .
located opposite ducs de bretagne castle in nantes , the hotel du château is a 5 - minute walk from the train station , the exhibition centre and the city centre .
located across from wat chiang mun , the property offers free wi - fi throughout the area
aomori airport is a 35 - minute bus ride , while its shuttle bus stops a 1 - minute walk from the hotel .
free private parking is available at apartments arlberglife . st .
featuring terracotta tiles and white - washed walls , this holiday home has a seating area with a fireplace and satellite tv .
holiday inn express rocklin - galleria area provides a continental breakfast and a free newspaper every day .
some also have a balcony .
guests can benefit from a gym and sauna .
mineral water and a coffee machine are provided .
this leads straight to the lounge dining area , which is equipped with satellite tv and dvd player .
at domaine du val d ' atur you will find a garden , and a terrace . other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities and a shared lounge .
it is 65 km from guilin railway station .
apartments come with a fully equipped kitchenette .
there is a living room with tv equipped with cable channels and a dvd player .
são bento palace , home to the portuguese parliament , is 400 metres away and estrela basilica is 800 metres .
each apartment has its own living area , bathroom , fully equipped kitchen with dining area and either a balcony or barbecue area .
the hotel is 2 km from the industrial zone of the city .
breakfast is served every morning and a half board and a full board are available upon request .
free private parking is available .
there is also a kitchen , equipped with an oven , microwave and toaster .
this apartment comes with a washing machine , flat - screen tv , computer , and sofa .
free in - room wifi is available .
located 500 metres from the centre of šibenik , apartments atm offers air - conditioned accommodation with furnished patios and free wi - fi .
free parking is provided .
free parking is available on site .
decorated in neutral colors and fitted with wood floors , the 3 - bedroom apartment will provide you with a flat - screen cable tv , seating area with a sofa , wardrobe , washing machine and private bathroom with a hairdryer .
guests will be able to find a restaurant area just a short 5 - minute walk from the property , in the town centre .
the rooms offer free wired internet .
you can enjoy garden view from the room .
tram stop is just steps away .
the hotel serves a daily breakfast which includes products for celiacs .
you will find a shared lounge at the property .
the quinta da foz includes a spacious common living room with sofas , tv and board games .
the castellana caves are reachable by car in less than 30 minutes , and picturesque locorotondo is 11 km away .
salt lake city international airport is 25 minutes ’ drive from the holiday home .
the suites are a very large 76 square metres .
all rooms have a tv with cable channels .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out museum ecoscope ( 1 . 7 km ) and slot moermond ( 2 . 8 km ).
irida tavern serves home - cooked cretan dishes at an outdoor terrace with views over georgioupolis bay .
a variety of dining options are available on site including the olivette , which serves regional american cuisine .
just 700 metres from karlshagen ’ s sandy beach on the island of usedom , this hotel offers wellness facilities and free wi - fi .
it offers magnificent views to the sea , the city of chania and the green landscape towards the lefka ori .
free public parking is possible near the property .
other facilities at naima house include a terrace .
oostappen vakantiepark droomgaard is located in kaatsheuvel , only 5 km away from motorway a59 .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a bath .
domina elisir ’ s pool gives some refreshment during warm days .
an array of activities are offered in the area , such as skiing , golfing and horse riding .
wi - fi internet access is available at the reception desk , which is open 24 hours a day .
it has access to a shared outdoor pool and sun terrace .
the mas museum is 2 km and sportpaleis is 5 . 7 km from the accommodation .
next door to the whale museum in friday harbour , this hotel features an on - site restaurant offering room service .
lourdes train station is a 34 - minute drive from the property .
there is a private bathroom with a shower in each unit .
it offers a terrace , where guests can relax .
also there is a washing machine .
szentendre train station with frequent links to other parts of the country is 3 km from the family holiday .
free wifi and free parking are included .
other facilities include a 24 - hour front desk , luggage storage space and a tour desk .
the on - site seasonal tastes serves international dishes , while zen5es chinese restaurant serves local seafood , cantonese and fujian cuisines .
free private parking is available on site .
you will find luggage storage space at the property .
meals can be enjoyed in the dining area and prepared in the kitchen equipped with a dishwasher and a microwave .
the hotel facilities include sauna , turkish bath .
guests can relax with complimentary coffee and use internet pcs for free at the lobby .
parnassos ski centre is easily accessible at 8 km and the archaeological site of delphi is 12 km away from ontas guesthouse .
discover a variety of area attractions , including foxwoods resort casino and mohegan sun casino only minutes from the days inn mystic .
free wi - fi is included in all guest rooms .
there is a horse riding centre within 5 km and the władysławowo train station is 7 . 8 km away .
the air - conditioned house has a kitchenette and a bathroom .
free private parking is available on site .
free wifi is provided .
pension schizentrum grosseck - speiereck is located a 5 - minute drive from mautendorf ’ s centre and just 50 metres from the grosseck - speieck ski lift . it is part of a holiday resort offering a spa area , a restaurant serving austrian cuisine , an outdoor pool , and a ski school .
the private bathroom features a hydro - massage shower with chromo - therapy and radio .
the kitchen also features a dining room and a tv with satellite channels .
towels and bed linen are available in this self - catering accommodation .
begin the day at the staybridge suites glenview with a free breakfast buffet , or take advantage of in - room stoves , toasters and microwaves .
just over 2 miles from watchet on the north somerset coast , langtry country house offers bed and breakfast accommodation in more than 3 acres of grounds .
featuring a shower , the private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
offering 4 stylish dining options and 3 meeting rooms , jinhe kailong hotel is located in datong , only a 5 - minute drive from datong railway station .
the nearest airport is malta international airport , 6 km from the property .
private parking is available on site .
to make each stay comfortable , saint george comfort inn offers a gym , an outdoor pool and 2 hot tubs .
rooms at borgo fontanile have modern wooden furnishings and tiled floors .
the property boasts views of the garden and is 42 km from windsor .
an extensive breakfast buffet is served in the morning .
a cash machine is located on site .
you will find a shared lounge at the property .
easily tour the state capitol complex or shop at the renowned governor ' s mall , both located close to the homewood suites tallahassee . the corporate offices of sam ' s club , data max and the department of health are also nearby .
all guest rooms at the residence inn gaithersburg washington center come with separate living and dining areas .
onna lodge offers a launderette and guests can unwind over a coffee at the lobby with a tv and sofa .
towels and linen are provided .
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge , a ticket service and dry cleaning .
the beausite ' s modern rooms have a flat - screen tv and an en - suite bathroom .
the modern - style studio offers a cable , flat - screen tv and free wi - fi access is available .
the private bathrooms include either a bath or shower and a hairdryer .
towels and bed linen are provided .
guests of hotel cartwright union square , bw premier collection have free access to the business centre , which has 2 computers and a printer . the relaxing lobby features a fireplace and a flat - screen tv .
the nearest airport is krasnodar international airport , 93 km from the property .
special diet menus are available upon request .
set on 2 floors , the house combines original stone details in the walls .
the hotel is immersed in a natural environment ideal for climbing , trekking , windsurf and excursions in mountain bike .
located in rio de janeiro , copacabana apartment offers a restaurant . this self - catering accommodation features free wifi . the property is 700 metres from copacabana beach .
free wifi is available in the central cottage bar and free parking is possible on site .
featuring free wifi , sleepinn is located in rębiechowo , 19 km from the centre of gdańsk and 15 km from sopot .
housed in an 18th - century building , it features a panoramic terrace and free private parking for motorbikes .
all apartments feature a kitchen and included free wireless internet access .
a flat - screen tv with satellite channels is offered .
free parking is possible in front of the building .
this holiday home can accommodate four guests .
buses to dublin city centre depart navan every 15 minutes . the bus for dublin airport departs every hour .
agamont park is 7 . 8 km from high seas motel , while frenchman bay is 2 . 9 km away .
this hotel is officially adapted for guests with reduced mobility .
popeye village is 2 . 5 km from carob hills - villa gaia , while ghadira bay is 2 km away .
the guest house is 2 km from joaquina beach and 7 km from conceicao lagoon .
the property would like to offer car rental service for guests who love to explore surroundings on their own .
the property also offers a private airfield ( nzke ) available upon request .
all rooms at jongno gonggam mini hotel are air - conditioned and fitted with a flat - screen tv .
guests can relax with pampering massage treatments .
waterloo house consists of 2 beautifully preserved georgian town houses in a quiet residential street , minutes away from dublin ’ s city centre .
diókert vendégház features free wifi throughout the property .
the kitchen is equipped with an oven , a fridge and a stovetop , as well as a kettle .
located in balatonszárszó , adri apartments features free access to an outdoor pool , a sun terrace and free wifi access .
free parking is available on site .
some units have private bathrooms , while others offer access to shared bathroom facilities .
free wi - fi and a hot breakfast buffet are also offered .
each room here will provide you with a tv , a balcony and a terrace . featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with slippers .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out the obelisk of buenos aires ( 700 metres ) and florida pedestrian street ( 1 . 2 km ). aeroparque jorge newbery airport is located 5 km away .
located in gumbet district of muğla , tuana evleri is 30 metres from the nearest beach .
for business travelers , this clearwater , fl hotel provides conveniences like free high - speed internet access , voice mail and access to copy and fax services .
it offers a breakfast buffet and a free shuttle to zagarolo train station .
each is equipped with a 32 - inch flat - screen tv , a mini bar and a private bathroom with bath tub or shower including a bathrobe and slippers .
the apartment features a tv and a private garden .
outdoor barbecue facilities are also available .
the kaviarfactory art gallery is 400 metres away .
rio termal is 400 metres from salto grande lake and 2 km from bali beach .
fenix beach boasts tennis courts and sun terraces .
travel arrangements can be made at the tour desk .
the nearest airport is milan linate airport , 8 km from b & b la terrazza sul quartiere isola .
hotel alpina nature - wellness offers a wide range of spa facilities , including an indoor pool , steam baths , saunas , and an infrared cabin .
tokuyama ekimae route - inn hotel is a 5 - minute drive from tokuyama zoo and shunan museum of art .
the hotel is a 5 - minute walk from the plaza mayor and the royal palace .
featuring rustic vietnamese - style décor , the resort offers free wifi access and houses a 24 - hour front desk .
a modern equestrian centre and an organic victorian spa are on site .
in the bar you can enjoy a drink .
the bed and breakfast is 500 metres from pazaryeri , 4 km from erythrai antique city and 4 . 5 km from alacati surf beach .
some rooms include a seating area where you can relax , a flat - screen tv with satellite channels and refrigerator .
guanajuato del bajio international airport is 30 km away .
the private bathroom is fitted with a shower and hairdryer .
featuring free wifi access , the rooms at the hotel avidea are spacious and fitted with natural wood furniture and cosy carpets .
shops and restaurants are 1 . 5 km away .
the day starts pleasantly with a rich buffet in the breakfast area .
wi - fi is available at the hotel ’ s reception cafe at a charge .
cordelia hotel is situated in tbilisi , a 3 - minute walk away from saint trinity church .
featuring free wifi and a barbecue , ethno hostel offers accommodation in yakutsk .
parking is free .
the a45 motorway is a 25 - minute drive , and free parking is available on site .
this family - run hotel is situated in the small town of bernshausen amid the rhön mountains low mountain range , just south of the thuringian forest .
a private bathroom with bath amenities and a small seating area with a flat - screen tv are provided .
bicycles are available for rent on site , and free private parking spaces are found right next to the main building .
free wifi is provided .
murmansk train station is a 10 - minute walk from the apartment .
room service is available .
pokoje gościnne częstochowa is located in częstochowa .
restaurants can be found within 3 km radius .
free wi - fi is available in each suite at the comfort suites miami .
the non - smoking and self - catered accommodation opens out onto a balcony overlooking the trent severn canal .
a flat - screen satellite tv and plush cushions are included in the living area .
the guest rooms at hôtel restaurant le castel include a work desk and a tv with satellite channels .
this 1 - bedroom , air - conditioned apartment features a private terrace with mountain views . there is a full kitchen including a washing machine , full - sized hob and oven .
each room provides cable tv , a coffee machine , a desk and an en suite bathroom at the jackson lodge .
sekelgården ’ s charming , rustic restaurant features its own microbrewery .
the private bathroom is complete with a shower .
it is a 15 - minute walk to the vibrant nightlife of surfers paradise .
cola beach is 10 km from patnem garden cottages , while netravali wildlife sanctuary is 22 km away .
a fitness centre is provided at hopkinsville rodeway inn . other facilities offered at the property include laundry facilities and a 24 - hour front desk .
the air - conditioned rooms at renaissance doha city center hotel feature a modern décor .
wifi and parking are free
at villa mrestilishte , a terrace is as the guests ’ disposal . the property offers free parking .
some rooms have a seating area .
with low - cost parking on site , this property is situated a 5 - minute drive from majorelle gardens and a 17 - minute drive from marrakech menara airport .
situated in pelena , 43 km from hikkaduwa , online beach guest house features air - conditioned rooms with free wifi .
set in prague , 100 metres from charles bridge and only a 10 - minute walk from the town ́ s castle , dream home kampa offers a self - catering accommodation unit with free wifi .
breakfast includes fresh fruit , homemade cakes , yoghurt and cereal .
the nearest golf course is 2 . 7 km away . portimão museum is within 2 km , as is the portimão marina . alvor is 6 . 7 km away and features seafront restaurants as well as a beach area .
guests of rock cabins can enjoy hiking trails throughout the area and park .
the restaurant features an all - you - can - eat buffet with regional dishes .
the city of soria is a short drive away .
cable tv with hbo is included in every room at america ' s best value inn douglasville .
offering light , elegant rooms and a 2 aa rosette restaurant , yeovil court is less than 10 minutes ’ drive from yeovil ’ s centre .
the accommodation features a tv . there is also a kitchenette , equipped with a fridge .
other facilities at espace holiday homes - fairview business bay include a fitness centre and year - round outdoor pool .
there are marked hiking and cycling trails in the grounds .
free wi - fi and buffet breakfast are provided .
the property offers a sauna , a water bike and a boat .
pompidou centre is 1 . 9 km from apartment saint maur1 , while opéra bastille is 2 . 2 km away .
hotel accommodations and features include , free airport transportation , free newspaper , free local calls and free wi - fi .
at holiday home engesøvej vejers strand i you will find a sauna , a hot tub and barbecue facilities .
windsurfing and snorkeling opportunities can be found in the vicinity .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including fishing , diving and snorkelling .
spacious , luxurious , and sumptuously furnished , each room at claridge ’ s boasts a luxury marble bathroom and peaceful views of the courtyard .
located 10 minutes ’ drive away from beverly hills , this apartment features a fully equipped kitchen where guests can cook a gourmet meal .
hiking , fishing and several sport activities can be practised nearby .
it features a variety of leisure facilities and 11 meeting rooms .
villa en felanitx is 46 km from palma de mallorca airport .
situated on the famous ramblas , hotel serhs rivoli rambla has a beautiful interior courtyard and a terrace from where you can enjoy views over the gothic quarter while you sip an espresso .
the property offers free parking .
only 100 metres from zurich main train station and the sihlquai tram stop , hotel walhalla offers free wifi throughout the property .
the hotel is a 5 - minute walk from the centre of the kaike onsen area and from kaike seaside park . it is a 15 - minute drive from jr yonago train station and 5 km from yonago interchange ( ic ) on the yonago expressway .
set in the middle of the mayan jungle and 5 minutes ’ drive from xpujil town , río bec dreams features both small and large covered terraces near the bar and vibrant gardens .
halldis apartments – marais bas area is a collection of independent apartments located not far from the picasso museum , the hotel de ville , notre dame , the isle saint louis , the centre pompidou and place des vosges . most of the buildings in this district are very old . it partly explains the very small streets .
offering great - value rooms in the heart of rome , volturno house features rooms and dormitories with free wi - fi .
the stylish rooms at barton house include a cosy fireplace , a tv , a view of the surrounding countryside , tea and coffee making facilities and an en suite bathroom with a hairdryer .
cathkin cottage b & b and self catering offers accommodation in winterton .
the bus to santa eulàlia stops just 100 metres away .
sibiu international airport and the centre of sibiu are 30 km away .
there is an english tea house on site that serves home - made high tea , lunch items and coffee with different pastries .
ideally located between the vibrant centre and the exclusive northern suburbs of athens , loft in athens with panoramic view offers magnificent views of athens and the surrounding mountains .
there is a seating area and a kitchen complete with an oven , a microwave and a toaster .
other provisions include a flat - screen and green tea .
award - winning zest restaurant features an open kitchen serving international cuisine .
it offers air - conditioned rooms and apartments and an elegant restaurant serving international cuisine .
area activities include a gym and cross - country skiing .
hotel renato is a 15 - minute walk from sesto san giovanni train station .
the 3 bars serve a wide variety of drinks and light snacks .
the traditional lodging offers self - catering accommodation with tv and air conditioning .
18 plus serves alcoholic and non - alcoholic beverages .
the comfortable apartment is air conditioned and has a balcony . it offers a living room with a sofa and flat - screen tv . the bathroom comes with a shower .
the property offers free parking .
there is a full kitchenette with a refrigerator , oven and kitchenware .
there is a dining area and a kitchen complete with a microwave and a toaster .
the restaurant serves à - la - carte specialties for all 3 meals .
airport shuttles can be arranged at an added cost .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and slippers .
hotel elys is 10 minutes ’ drive from assago mediolanum forum arena .
each comes with a functional décor and private bathroom , and some include a seating area .
the bathroom is fitted with a bath or shower .
featuring free wifi , an outdoor pool and a seasonal outdoor pool , guest house karina offers accommodation in gelendzhik , 1 . 3 km from the black sea coast .
the kitchenette has a microwave , a toaster and a fridge , as well as a kettle .
the ontario convention center is 4 minutes ’ drive away .
some rooms have a flat - screen tv .
excursion assistance can be provided by the tour desk .
rooms come with a flat - screen tv with cable channels .
it offers self - catering accommodation with free wi - fi throughout .
there is a fully equipped kitchenette with a microwave and a refrigerator .
there is also an on - site minimart and billiards facilities .
the famous iron bridge across the river severn is about 2 miles away .
located 900 metres from park of officers , beautiful apartment 15 min walk from fountain square offers pet - friendly accommodation in baku . the apartment is 1 . 2 km from taza pir mosque .
denia is 35 minutes ’ drive from the property .
guest rooms at the ramada cancun city include a coffee maker and satellite lcd tv . the rooms also provide an in - room safe , a private balcony and air conditioning .
shops and restaurants are available within 700 m distance .
guests can head to molyma ’ s 24 - hour reception for assistance with laundry , ironing or luggage storage services .
there is a seating area and a kitchen .
also there is a washing machine and a tumble dryer .
each simple room here will provide you with a cable tv , a balcony and a seating area .
it features free wi - fi throughout , an outdoor swimming pool , a terrace and a ping pong table .
guests will also enjoy contemporary guestrooms , furnished with signature sweet dreams beds and wireless internet access .
select rooms have a bathtub in the bathroom and a living room .
marylebone station and paddington station are within 800 metres from the accommodation .
located a 3 - minute walk from the beach , hospedaje la quebrada is a small family owned hotel located only 200 metres from the commercial area of máncora .
the unit is equipped with a kitchen .
the property is a 30 - minute drive from arezzo . lucignano and rigomagno stations are around 5 km away and link with arezzo and siena .
szucha apartment is located just 600 metres from the belweder palace .
both a grocery shop and a restaurant are a 2 - minute walk away .
olbia costa smeralda airport is located 19 km away .
the property feature a balcony from which mountain and garden views can be seen , there is a blu - ray player and satellite flat - screen tv .
the nearest supermarket is 5 . 5 km from the apartments .
free private parking is available on site .
the accommodation units include a private bathroom , a balcony and a seating area with satellite tv and a refrigerator .
hotel medemblik is situated in a charming town set on one of europe ' s largest inland lakes , the ijsselmeer .
jr takamatsu train station is a 1 - hour train ride away .
the one - bedroom accommodation will provide you with open plan kitchen and living room featuring a tv , a cd player .
the accommodation has a dining area and seating area with a flat - screen tv .
armenian opera and ballet theatre is 3 . 5 km from benefice mini - hotel & tours , while republic square is 2 . 5 km away .
hostal goya has a lounge with a computer which has internet access , as well as free tea and coffee making facilities .
transamérica expo center is 900 metres from hotel pousada elegance , while teatro alfa is 1 . 1 km away .
various shopping and dining opportunities are within a 10 - minute walk .
quality hotel atlantic is also close to the mandria regional park and to the venaria reale royal palace .
each room offers both air - conditioning and heating facilities .
the camp site is next to a river and offers an outdoor pool , free wi - fi zone and free parking .
it features a spacious garden with sun loungers , and each apartment has a private terrace .
lone pine hotel also offers 24 - hour room service , same - day laundry services and a souvenir shop .
air conditioning is available upon charge .
some rooms include views of the garden or city .
you will find a variety of restaurants and bars within a 5 - minute walk .
featuring carpeted floor , each room of metropol is tastefully decorated .
the private bathroom includes a shower and free toiletries .
cottage saarsilk is located in a peaceful area in sarzhenka .
exit 11 of the a28 motorway is 4 . 5 km away and dieppe and the english channel are reached by car in 45 minutes .
a fireplace , a satellite tv and a sofa are standard in all accommodations at snow bear condos .
the area is popular for skiing and cycling .
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings , including golfing , horse riding and snorkelling .
guests can enjoy cypriot and international flavours at the on - site restaurant or relax with a cocktail at the lounge bar .
you can enjoy mountain and garden view .
it offers free wi - fi and modern , air - conditioned rooms , 15 minutes ’ walk from santiago cathedral .
the bedrooms are spacious and modern and they all have an en suite bathroom with bathroom amenities .
the bathroom is private , has a shower and offers free toiletries .
each comes with a table and either private or shared bathroom facilities .
located 16km from the historical centre of bursa , the holiday inn is a 4 - star hotel on the görükle campus of uludag university . the hotel is surrounded by a pine forest on one side and overlooks uludag mountain on the other .
novorossiysk is 25 km from mozhzhevelovy ray .
other facilities such as laundry and ironing services are available at an additional charge .
the property is within 500 metres from rapti river and chitwan national park .
some offer ocean views or views of lorne pier .
you can find air conditioning and a shared bathroom inside .
wake up each morning with a wholesome breakfast buffet .
a64 motorway is located 15 km from the property where free parking is available .
at apart lais , a garden is at the guests ’ disposal . other facilities like ski storage and laundry facilities are offered .
the coastal narrow gauge railway retro is 200 metres away .
fitted with parquet flooring and four - poster beds , spacious air - conditioned rooms are furnished with a wardrobe , in - room safe , a flat - screen cable tv and sofa seating area .
free parking is available at the property .
with room service , breakfast and other meals can be enjoyed in the privacy of guests ' rooms .
the rate includes weekly cleaning and a change of towels and linen .
são pedro lisbon hotel is situated a 15 - minute walk from the marquês de pombal square and the eduardo vii park .
baia sant ’ anna is a 6 - minute drive from tanaunella appartamenti , while olbia is 40 km away .
a breakfast buffet including cold cuts , cereals and yoghurt , together with hot drinks , juice and bread is served daily .
the guest house also offers car hire .
residence portello offers self - catering accommodation with satellite tv , 4 km from the centre of milan .
staff are available 24 hours a day at the bed and breakfast and can advise on local excursions and activities .
guests can visit iguaçu waterfalls , 12 km away .
guests can enjoy live performances with the drinks at the pub .
guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant .
laredo and its beaches can be reached in just 35 minutes by car , while collados del asón park is 13 km away .
set in the cote - d ’ or department in eastern france , the chateau malaisy is set in beautiful surroundings .
the picasso museum is approximately 2 km from the inturjoven and málaga cathedral is a 25 - minute walk away .
this property is 45 km from punta de mita beach and 60 km from puerto vallarta international airport .
at topanga there is free private parking on site .
hotel dei sette is set next to a 14th - century church and close to vasto ' s public park .
a mountain - view balcony , a flat - screen tv and a private bathroom are further features of the modern waldrand apartments .
extras include slippers and free toiletries .
the stylish culinaria restaurant serves a selection of international and slovak dishes and offers views of the hotel ’ s green courtyard .
extra ' s include a washing machine with tumble dryer , garden furniture and a barbecue .
the classic - style rooms feature a fan , flat - screen tv with cable channels and wardrobe .
the property is 10 minutes ’ walk from wandsworth bridge and the river thames .
the restaurant at sever hotel serves russian and international cuisine .
the apartments at hotel residence kakatar feature satellite tv , a balcony with a view , and the private bathrooms are complete with a shower .
barbecue facilities are available free of charge .
guests are welcome to relax in the shared lounge .
it is a 10 - minute walk from würzburg central station and city centre .
a work desk and a wardrobe feature in all rooms at hostel kemijärvi .
it features a restaurant , a terrace boasting panoramic views , and air - conditioned accommodation with lcd tv .
apartamento en buenos aires has comfortable interiors with air conditioning , central water and heating , parquet floors and satellite tv . there are full kitchen facilities with a dining area featuring a marble table for 4 guests .
there are several eating options ranging from local to asian and western cuisine around the hotel .
guests can rent bicycles , relax in the sun beds , and play table tennis and darts .
luggage storage can be arranged upon request .
the lodge features free wifi throughout the property .
there is also a bar with a terrace in the square .
outdoors , there is a fire pit and a private hot tub .
some units include a seating area and / or terrace .
set across the street from forte beach at a 20 metres distance , apartamento praia do forte is a self - catering accommodation located in cabo frio .
moss residence is located in istanbul ’ s lively taksim district , 400 meters from taksim metro station .
complete with a breakfast bar , the kitchen includes a dishwasher , microwave and oven .
dormitories are decorated in different colour tones .
there is a wide array of activities for guests to enjoy in this area including cycling , hiking , swimming as well as sailing .
the nearest restaurant is 200 metres away , and the aldis congress centre and the aquapark are 1 . 5 km away .
the point villa mae hong son is 2 km from mae hong son airport and 3 km from the bus station .
you can store your ski equipment on site and relax on the sun terrace or out in the garden .
each room at the property features air - conditioning and a bathroom with free toiletries .
the villages of platanias and gerani are 3 km away .
apartment kapıkulu is a self - catering accommodation located in taksim , within a walking distance from lively istiklal street popular with cafés , restaurants , art galleries and shopping malls .
designed in chinese and portuguese colonial styles , pavilion songkhla hotel is located at the scenic port of songkhla .
homemade bread , foie gras and desserts are proposed at the restaurant , which also offers provençal food .
all accommodations feature a microwave , small refrigerator , and en suite laundry facilities .
a complimentary breakfast and free wi - fi are included with every stay at this murfreesboro motel , which is located 3 miles from the crater of diamonds state park .
the 24 - hour front desk services include concierge , currency exchange and luggage storage .
offering a restaurant , hotel pegas is located in makhachkala , 200 metres from the caspian sea .
for convenience , airport shuttle services are available at a surcharge .
marzamemi beach is 3 . 5 km from the property .
with practical fittings , they also include air conditioning or a minibar .
les délices de lavoûte offers accommodation in lavoûte - sur - loire .
surfs inn is within a 5 - minute hike of the archipelago wildlife cruises port .
permanent art exhibitions fill the guestrooms and public spaces .
at hotel madurodam baturaden you will find a garden , a terrace and karaoke facilities the friendly staff can help arrange for car hire , airport transfer and shuttle service .
some units have a seating area for your convenience . you will find a kettle in the room .
dorms & doubles is located in praia da consolação , 6 . 5 km from the city center of peniche and 500 meters from the nearest beach .
free parking is available on site .
it has a shared kitchen where guests can prepare their own meals .
guests have access to shared bathroom facilities .
the apartment features a living area with a tv , a washing machine , 2 bedrooms and a bathroom .
located at the heart of the historic peninsula , 5 minutes ’ walk from the blue mosque and 300 metres from the marmara sea , nova roma hotel offers elegant rooms with free wi - fi .
apartments are decorated in shabby chic style has a spacious living room as well as a fully equipped kitchen .
the seating area features cable tv and a work desk .
the elegant rooms include free wi - fi and flat - screen tv .
capitolium temple unesco heritage site is 15 minutes ’ walk away .
towels and bed linen are available in this self - catering accommodation .
nearby attractions include grundig stadion ( 1 . 7 km ) and meistersingerhalle congress & event hall ( 2 . 3 km ).
located just 900 metres from the mediterranean sea , visir resort spa is set outside mazara del vallo .
every room at this hotel is air conditioned and is equipped with a flat - screen tv .
the en suite bathroom comes with hot shower facilities .
located 2 . 3 km from jomtien beach , angel pool villa ( 5 bedroom ) offers both outdoor and indoor pools .
private bathrooms are equipped with a bidet and a shower .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the hotel , providing free daily maid service and luggage storage space .
offering a seasonal outdoor pool , barbecue and children ' s playground , hotel usadba sarzhevskikh on biryuzovaya ulitsa 1 is situated in bol ' shoy kaim .
along with the indoor pool , the hotel has an art gallery .
malta international airport is 12 km from the property .
the property includes 2 private bathrooms with a hairdryer .
the property serves a set menu at the public area , and the sun deck bar serves beverages .
free wifi access is available .
featuring a modern and elegant décor , each room here will provide you with flat - screen satellite tv , electric kettle , air conditioning and a minibar .
leon valley golf course is just 6 . 6 miles from the travelodge temple .
free airport pick up and free scheduled shuttle to the seminyak area are also offered for guests for a minimum of 3 nights and booking the breakfast included rate .
the apartment features free wifi throughout the property .
the west end city shopping mall is only a 5 - minute walk away from the easyhotel budapest oktogon .
car rental and airport shuttle services are available at a surcharge .
this hotel is part of jean bosco catholic institute . free wifi access is available .
some rooms offer beautiful views over gelendzhik bay .
the dolce vita funchal shopping centre is a 13 - minute drive and features shops , cinemas and a food court .
villa urbajs apartments provides guests with a lush garden with barbecue equipment , outdoor furniture and sun loungers .
it features free wifi , air conditioning , a tv and a fully equipped kitchen .
featuring a private balcony , each room here will provide you with a cable tv , air conditioning and a fridge .
guests have access to shared bathrooms in the service building , where there is also a laundry room and communal fridge .
the bathroom is private and has shower .
it just 20 metres from restaurants and local shops .
a flat - screen tv and dvd player are provided .
the nauders ski area and the samnaun ski area are both within 15 km , while the serfaus - fiss - ladis ski area is 20 km away .
this is an ideal option for a well - deserved break , in the tranquil heart of the costa del sol .
zagreb airport is located 18 km from the property .
free wifi is featured throughout the property .
all units feature a flat - screen tv . a microwave and fridge are also provided , as well as a kettle .
tan son nhat international airport is 72 km away .
the living area has a tv with a dvd player .
restaurants , bars and grocery shops are all within 50 metres from forte mare apartments . a green grocer ' s can be found at a distance of 150 metres .
lake havasu state park is a 15 - minute drive from the quality inn .
el jazmín features 1 double and 2 twin bedrooms .
a treadmill can be used free of charge , and guests also benefit from free use of a tennis court in the nearby village of courtedoux .
the são gonçalo do amarante international airport is 50 minutes by car .
there is also a restaurant located 2 - minute walk from the property which provides guangzhou cuisine .
there is a full kitchen , with a dishwasher and a microwave , and private bathrooms with a shower , a hairdryer and free toiletries .
all rooms feature a telephone , clock radio , hairdryer and satellite tv . each room has a private bathroom , most of which are en suite .
the luxurious bonnie ' s boutique b & b lies 3 miles west of arundel castle , just outside the south downs national park .
vonyarc hotel offers bright rooms with a fridge , tv and with a private bathroom with shower .
light hostel features free wifi throughout the property .
the hotel is 150 metres from lleras park , 6 minutes ’ walk from el poblado park and 3 . 2 km from pueblito paisa neighborhood , a typical colombian district .
the nearest airport is falcone - borsellino airport , 97 . 5 km from rustico uzzo .
freddie next to mercury is a modern hostel with summer terrace and free wifi , located a 10 - minute walk from the centre of bratislava .
the stalden hotel is situated on the main road , 4 km before grindelwald and offers you a cosy rooms and a charming restaurant serving fine swiss cuisine .
pashupatinath temple is 500 metres away while tribhuvan international airport and the buddhist site of boudhanath are both 2 km from the hotel .
a swimming pool , garden and sauna are featured on site .
hotel cicerone offers free parking , a restaurant and simply furnished rooms with tv and private bathroom .
pod vicini bus stop and spořilov tram stop are 400 metres away .
a full breakfast is offered daily , including a wide array of hot and cold items .
it is 6 . 5 kilometers from lake halbert park .
with views of the flowery garden , horses in the field or the distant mountains , the bright and warmly furnished rooms each provide beds with egyptian white linen .
a free breakfast is offered every morning .
the kitchenette comes with a fridge , electric kettle and kitchen utensils .
guests have a 24 - hour front desk at their disposal .
the ground - floor studio comes with a small seating area in front , while the 2 studios on upper floors share a furnished terrace .
a continental breakfast buffet is served daily in the restaurant , including freshly brewed coffee or cappuccino , home - made cakes , cold cuts and cheeses .
the opera theatre is 500 metres away .
the tour desk can offer tips for getting around the area .
alexanderplatz in the heart of berlin is just 3 km from hotel - pension cityflair .
an oven , a toaster and fridge are also featured , as well as a kettle .
this guesthouse is just 150 metres from täsch train station and a partner hotel featuring a restaurant and a bar .
rooms are equipped with bed linen and towels .
apartments feature a seating area with a sofa bed , and a kitchenette with a microwave , fridge and coffee maker .
bus stops can be found in close proximity to the hotel camelia .
the apartments in tyrolean style offer satellite tv , a living area with a kitchenette , and a private bathroom with a hairdryer .
featuring an outdoor , self standing pool , a patio with a seating area and a small garden , villa olga is located 6 km from rimini .
it has a games room with billiards .
a breakfast buffet featuring japanese and western dishes are served at the dining room .
en suite bathrooms come with free toiletries and bath towels .
asia cha - am hotel is a 2 . 30 - hrs drive from suvarnabhumi airport .
cross - country ski trails , an illuminated toboggan run and an ice skating rink are a 10 - minute drive from the property .
continental breakfast is served every morning in the lobby of the louisville america ' s best value inn .
santa eulalia del río is 4 . 5 km away .
guests can enjoy the free wifi and flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
city inn apartment akademicheskaya is a self - catering accommodation located in moscow , a 10 - minute walk from akademicheskaya metro station . free wi - fi access is available .
the suite features a balcony and a seating area .
you can also relax with a cocktail in the bar before sampling the restaurant ’ s regional cuisine made with local ingredients .
set within a 5 - minute walk from the skiing areas of alta badia and sella ronda , apartments sotbosch offer accommodation with a ski storage space and a panoramic view over the mountain kreuzkofel .
the self - catering apartment comes with tiled floors and bright , white furnishings .
located in the centre of lviv , just 500 metres to the opera theatre , apartis chornovola av offers self - catering accommodation with free wi - fi .
the traditional restaurant specialises in meat dishes and pizza .
all bed linen and beach towels are provided .
leisure facilities at the springiersbacher include a modern sauna . these can be used on request .
parking is provided on site , free of charge .
there is a large garden area and free parking .
camparan suites is an apartment complex set in the centre of lleida , 10 minutes ’ walk from the ave high speed train station .
there is also a kitchen , fitted with an oven . a refrigerator and coffee machine are also available .
free parking is available , and the beautiful powerscourt gardens and waterfall are just 5 minutes ’ drive away .
staff can provide lots of useful tourist information .
an archeological site with remains of a 6th century church can be visited only 300 metres away .
they feature a furnished terrace .
free parking is possible on the premises .
the simply - decorated rooms at the guest house all feature tiled floors , a view over the city and access to shared bathroom facilities .
the hotel ’ s restaurant serves local and international dishes .
located 10 minutes ’ drive from lake lure , this north carolina apartment includes access to an outdoor pool and free wifi .
the cyganeria restaurant serves polish and international dishes .
guests can borrow bicycles for free on site and explore the area at their own convenience .
each guest room at the atlantide is equipped with a flat - screen tv with satellite channels including canal +.
the nearest airport is vladivostok international ( knevichi ) airport , 13 km from the property .
cool feel rest is a guesthouse offering cosy rooms with a private bathroom .
situated 3 . 1 km from solnechny rai in voronezh , this air - conditioned apartment features free wifi . guests benefit from balcony .
breakfast , lunch and dinner are offered .
rooms are tastefully furnished and fully air - conditioned . guests also enjoy free wifi access throughout the property .
holiday home lærkedalen ringkøbing iv is located in søndervig and can accommodate up to five persons .
primo , by melissa kelly is an organic italian restaurant featuring ingredients from an on - site vegetable garden .
rooms are air - conditioned and equipped with a private balcony , cable tv , minibar .
there is a private bathroom with a shower .
at casa rural virgen de las cruces you will find a 24 - hour front desk , and a coffee machine is available in the reception area .
situated in the peñarrubia valley , this early 20th century colonial - style building offers fully - equipped rustic apartments , with spectacular views of the picos de europa mountains . free parking is available .
trivandrum is 41 km from amelie nelppura beach resort , while varkala is 4 . 3 km away .
the hotel is located 12 km from eunápolis bus station . porto seguro and its airport are both 60 km from the property .
for those arriving by car , private parking is free on site .
bodenmais train station is 1 km away , and the a92 motorway is 36 km away .
wifi is free throughout .
air - conditioned guest rooms are fitted with a minibar , an electric kettle and a flat - screen tv with cable channels .
special milk and herbal baths can be requested on spot , and during winter guests can enjoy hot baths in a wooden tub in the garden .
fortezza da basso exhibition centre and the train station are both a 10 - minute walk away .
christopher st – sheridan square underground station is 2 minutes ’ walk .
the wellness centre includes a sauna , hot tub and turkish bath .
there are private and shared bathrooms .
riverfront hotel mukdahan is located next to mekong river .
there is a private bathroom with a hairdryer in every unit .
the property offers free secure parking .
puerto del rosario is 33 km from the house and a 35 - minute drive will take you to los lagos .
royal albert hall is 1 . 5 km from magic apartments - bayswater .
the centre of lucerne is a 15 - minute drive away .
a varied breakfast buffet is provided in the mornings .
a cosy restaurant with terrace and generous , comfortable guest rooms await you here .
free wi - fi is available throughout the hotel .
the unit is 31 km from genoa .
free private parking is possible on site and free wi - fi access is available across the property .
the apartments come with a welcome pack of fresh fruit , groceries , a portuguese liquor , traditional pastéis de nata ( traditional custard - based puff pastry , usually powdered with cinnamon ), and free coffee during all stay .
guests also enjoy the unique opportunity of a qualified chef cooking meals for you using the fully equipped kitchen in your suite .
a cross - country ski run is 400 metres away , and it is just 200 metres to a fishing pond .
currency exchange is available .
in apartamentos central ’ s building , there is an ice cream shop offering meals and snacks .
some units are air conditioned and include a seating area with a tv .
moskovskytrain station is 16 km away , and pulkovo international airport is 7 . 5 km from apartment on moscovskoye shosse .
beautiful views of the city and the beach are offered along with free wi - fi .
the owners can help with car and bike rentals .
the rooms come with an attached bathroom .
all accommodation features cable tv and modern bathrooms .
an all - you - can - eat buffet breakfast is available each morning and includes scrambled , fried , poached or boiled eggs , and pork or vegetarian sausages .
located 1 km outside rubielos de mora , these fully - equipped apartments are heated and feature a rustic décor .
the famous jeita grotto , with its archaeological history , is a 15 - minute drive from hotel xperience .
the guest house ' s café gruben is located in the same building .
moskovsky train station is a 12 - minute walk from the apartment , and pulkovo airport is 19 km away .
guests in need can take advantage of free parking service .
guests can enjoy relaxing in the spacious garden that surrounds the property or discover local eateries and typical cafes in dihovo village .
some units feature a dining area and / or balcony .
guests enjoy free breakfast daily , choosing between a sweet buffet in a dedicated room , or a croissant and drink at a partner bar 100 metres away .
the suites also feature a 32 - inch ( 81 cm ) flat - screen lcd tv with a dvd player .
featuring free wifi and a sun terrace , guesthouse white house offers accommodation in kutaisi .
the tomas ruiz apartamento includes a patio and a washing machine .
nearby hiking trails include the rheinsteig and the rhein - burgen - weg ( rhine castles trail ).
located in hua hin , baan hua hin luxury condo by the ocean offers a self - catering apartment , an outdoor pool and a fitness centre .
it features a bar with a shaded terrace and guest rooms equipped with a flat - screen tv .
this holiday home is 33 km from tegel airport .
the hotel ’ s restaurant serves traditional cuisine from the region .
guests are welcome to self - cater on site or visit restaurants and bars a 5 - minute drive away in warrnambool .
located in the heart of jaipur , hotel ruby is a 10 - minute walk from the central bus stand .
the property offers free parking .
as sandra appartement ’ s guest , you can borrow ice skating shoes at an ice rink , a 10 - minute walk from the property .
an oven and a microwave can be found in the kitchen .
the private bathrooms are fitted with a shower .
breakfast and light meals are available at the in - house café mandeltårtan .
guests are invited to use the residence ’ s fitness centre and there is also a hamman , sauna and spa .
it has renovated air - conditioned interiors , while its restaurant serves authentic istrian specialities and offers cooking lessons .
lisbon international airport is a 20 - minute drive away .
featuring a shower , all 3 en suite bathrooms come with a hairdryer .
the nearest airport is simferopol airport , 52 km from holiday home kazasa 74 .
this card comprises many benefits and discounts , including free use of local cable cars and of buses , and free admission to indoor and outdoor pools .
all rooms offer cable tv , a minibar , bathrobes and a hairdryer , and a work desk , and most of the units also boast a balcony with impressive mountain views .
this resort is 30 km from naha airport .
moskovskaya metro station is a 15 - minute walk away , nevsky prospekt and the city centre are a 15 - minute metro ride from the property .
pag lace gallery and a number of cultural sights are nearby , same as restaurants and bars .
faro international airport is located 45 km away , and manta rota beach is a 10 - minute drive away .
free wifi is featured throughout the property and free private parking is available on site .
grocery shops and restaurants can be found within walking distance .
featuring a bath tub or shower , private bathroom comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
other facilities include a spacious living room with a library and a shared terrace located within the trees .
decorated with tiled floors and light - wood furniture , each room features a tv and a complete bathroom with a bathrobe , hairdryer and toiletries .
each unit offers a fridge and a tv .
located on ustica island , baglio l ' antico forno is 700 metres from ustica harbour .
seasons sport and spa is within 15 minutes ' drive from hartbeespoort dam and 100 km from sun city and pilanesberg national park .
a flat - screen tv is featured .
access to a7 motorway is 18 km away .
a sweet italian - style breakfast of hot drinks and pastries is provided daily at a nearby cafè .
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings , including snorkelling , fishing and hiking .
the pommern museum ship is a 5 - minute drive away .
offering panoramic views of the amalfi coast , le cicale provides self - catering apartments with a sea - view balcony .
visitors can relax poolside at the rockport island view inn .
this air - conditioned studio is located opposite pacífico metro station and 20 minutes ’ walk from madrid ’ s atocha train station .
set in the village of mellweg , 8 km from hermagor , spearchuckers inn is a 20 - minute drive from nassfeld ski area .
rooms are equipped with a flat - screen tv .
this guest house is around 30 minutes ’ drive from matlock , bakewell and the spa town of buxton . chatsworth park and chatsworth house are around 40 minutes away .
each room at this hotel is air conditioned and comes with a tv . every room comes with a private bathroom . for your comfort , you will find slippers , free toiletries and a hairdryer .
beyaz kugu evleri is located in izmir and offers self - catering accommodation .
it has 24 - hour reception and free parking .
the property offers free parking .
amenities include a washing machine , an iron and cleaning products .
this hotel also offers a business center and on - site laundry facilities .
for guests who feel like visiting the surroundings , whitby train station and the dracula experience are less than a mile away .
the bowood park golf club has a course which meets usga standards and is open all year round .
each is fitted with a private balcony , a fridge and tea / coffee making facilities . bathroom facilities are en suite .
the property has free wifi in all areas and offers free bicycle rentals .
set just a 10 - minute walk from lake maggiore ’ s shores , b & b così come a casa boasts a free swimming pool located in the garden . it offers free wi - fi and free private parking .
all rooms come with a private bathroom fitted with a shower .
ideally set inside napoli centrale train station and featuring a shopping gallery with direct access to the high - speed train area , stelle hotel the businest offers soundproofed air - conditioned rooms with free wifi .
fishing on the portmilena river is 1 . 5 km away , there are some bike routes within 2 km , while the long and sandy velika plaža beach begins 2 . 3 km from the property .
extras include an outdoor seating area and bed linen .
the centennial theater is 8 minutes ’ drive away .
the apartment will provide you with a tv , air conditioning and a balcony . there is a full kitchen , with a microwave and a refrigerator , and a private bathroom with a shower .
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge , ticketing service and a tour desk .
the apartment features lake and mountain views , a flat - screen tv , a seating area with a sofa , a kitchen with a dining area and a bathroom with a shower an bathrobes .
centrally located in kuah , hotel grand continental provides easy access to department stores , restaurants and entertainment options .
featuring carpeted floors , the rooms of hotel miba include a flat - screen tv , air conditioning , minibar and a private bathroom .
the hollywood walk of fame is just 12 minutes ’ walk away .
tours throughout idyllic beach dunes can be arranged at the tour desk for an extra fee .
there are a variety of rooms available , such as single , doubles , twin and triple , as well as family , rooms . there is a tourist information desk , which is open 24 hours , as are the cafeteria and bar .
a hot breakfast buffet is served at the lake placid holiday inn express each morning .
sunday lunch , afternoon tea and evening meals are available at prested hall , and local ingredients are used wherever possible .
the unit is 15 km from los cristianos .
the property is a 6 - minute drive from venice casino ca ' noghera and from venice marco polo airport .
hotel monika is in the unesco natural heritage site of the tre cime - dolomiti di sesto natural park .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
full cooked breakfast is available each morning .
some units include a balcony or terrace .
guests can enjoy a free breakfast served every morning on their private terrace . free wifi access is available throughout .
blumenau hotel is situated 150 metres from shopping centre atlantico , 10 km from itajai and 13 km from itapema .
private bathrooms are equipped with towels and linen .
indaial bus station is 2 . 5 km away .
an italian breakfast of coffee and croissants is served at the café next door .
restoran kampong meraga beris serves a selection of local specialities .
lux daluma apartments is located 100 metres from the famous znjan beach .
guests enjoy an italian - style breakfast daily , which is prepared as a buffet in the communal kitchen .
nasu highland park is a 5 - minute drive , and jr kuroiso train station is a 40 - minute drive away .
there are several cafés within a 5 - minute walk , in addition to various restaurants which offer a range of both german and international cuisine .
featuring a living area , tv and dvd player , the accommodations have a kitchen with a stove , refrigerator and utensils .
the 7 independent villas overlook the volcano , the islands of thirasia , aspronisi and akrotiri and the most popular sunset of the world .
it offers panoramic mountain views , rooms with free wi - fi , and a ski storage room .
free on - site parking is available .
opening out to stunning sea views , tastefully furnished villas feature a flat - screen cable tv , ipod dock and coffee machine .
the property can accommodate up to eight persons .
the residents only licensed bar has a tv where guests can watch sky sports / movies .
akisol bairro alto luxury features deluxe apartments set in lisbon ’ s historical bairro alto . the units are a 9 - minute walk from lisbon ’ s downtown area , the chiado , with its typical cafés and shops .
guests can relax on a terrace and enjoy breakfast on - site .
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge , a tour desk and luggage storage .
come and experience the rich history of this ancient , hilltop castle and tower , located in the beautiful castillian countryside to the west of madrid .
box - spring beds , free bathroom toiletries and a work desk are standard for each room .
getting around is easy with vehicle rentals , airport transfer and shuttle service at additional charges .
the comfort hôtel marseille is well - located for visiting provence and the beaches of the cote bleue .
a special attention is paid to vegetable dishes and room service is available on request .
maui ocean center is 6 miles from the menehune shores .
newly constructed , they are modern and equipped apartments situated right in the old centre of l ' escala .
st . mary ' s basilica is 500 metres from habitat , while cloth hall is 600 metres from the property .
bathrooms are completed with free toiletries and hairdryers .
thealos village is just 200 metres from the seaside promenade .
the nearest airport is pulkovo airport , 84 km from guest house korolev .
la ferme chauvet is 35 km from le mans .
hotel linde is an ideal base for exploring hiking and cycling trails in the surrounding schwäbische alb countryside .
free wifi is featured .
bbq facilities are also available .
offering a sauna and a garden with bbq facilities , daryino guest house is located in moscow , 4 km from mkad . free wifi access and private parking are available .
daily newspapers are provided in the al hamra palace hotel lobby and there is also a car hire desk .
guests can enjoy various wellness services such as massages at an extra cost .
the fig tree restaurant serves a range of wholesome and healthy dishes for its breakfast buffet and also has variety of south african cuisine for lunch and dinner .
the b & b is located on the third floor of a block of apartments .
the simple rooms offer garden views , tiled floors , and a private bathroom with a shower .
located in szalafő , the tündérviola offers a self - catering holiday home with a garden and a terrace .
villa lucia also includes a terrace .
three golf courses , including the sandy lane green monkey golf course , are within a 5 - minute drive of angler apartments .
the oberstdorf golf course is 4 km away and the nebelhorn cable car is a 15 minute walk from the hotel .
during the summer months , local cuisine , including fried fish , tuna and beef dishes , is served in the restaurant .
set in delightful gardens , it enjoys a central location in the spa town .
the apartment is 1 . 9 km from trinity cathedral .
free wifi access is available .
fuaye bar , sunset bar , l ' escalier bar , aqua , marina bar , beach bar , yelken bar and amphi bar .
the bathroom includes a bathtub , and a hairdryer and toiletries are provided .
garden resort kapong is 45 km from kao lak and 50 km from phu - tajor .
being located centrally , restaurants and bars are within a short walk from hotel patio de san diego .
there is also a balcony and a ski storage room in winter .
each room features air conditioning , a desk and a wardrobe .
the property offers free parking .
the dormitory rooms in che salguero youth hostel feature shared bathroom facilities .
located in denver just 1 . 5 km from the pepsi center , super 8 midtown features an outdoor swimming pool .
utrecht is a 25 - minute drive away , whilst amsterdam is 40 minutes by car .
authentic cantonese dishes are a feature of may star restaurant while an international buffet can be enjoyed at kafe mangga dua .
the dreiländereck ski area is 15 km from the oitzl ferienhaus , and the cities of hermagor and villach are both within 21 km .
the spa town of bagni san filippo is 20 minutes away by car .
guests use shared bathroom facilities .
at riad magda & spa you will find a spa and wellness centre and a restaurant .
they also have a desk and cable tv .
other facilities at apartment madiha include a fitness centre .
featuring views of the sea and garden , accommodations at casa al mar are fitted with fully equipped kitchens , game consoles ps3 , flat - screen satellite tvs and dvd players .
sunway pyramid hotel has direct access to sunway resort hotel & spa , which the hotel is part of .
entertainment and children ' s programs are provided .
a magnificent hotel nestled in udaipur , also known as city of lakes , devendra garh palace , udaipur features an outdoor swimming pool and comfortable rooms with private balconies .
shower facilities and free bath amenities are included in the en suite bathroom .
guests also have access to a shared kitchen and a dining room .
guests can also use the laundry facilities on site .
you can also spend some relaxing time in the bar enjoying you favourite drink .
there is a private bathroom with free toiletries in every unit .
the fully - furnished apartments are fitted with a dining area , a fully - equipped kitchen , bed linen , towels and a terrace with a city view and a great view of the andes mountain range .
hotel agorreta is a 3 - star hotel located in a peaceful area of pamplona , 6 km from the university campus and 3 km from the airport .
there is an excellent restaurant on site , caserón , which allows you to dine in style and sample local dishes without leaving the hotel .
all rooms are fitted with colourful sicilian tiles and a private bathroom with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
in addition , it features a living area with a sofa bed , a washing machine and a bathroom with a bathtub .
the stylishly decorated rooms are equipped with cable tv . each comes with a minibar and a private bathroom .
yukata robes , toiletries and complimentary green tea are provided .
the ángela peralta theatre is 700 metres away and mazatlán international airport is a 20 - minute drive away .
this apartment complex has an outdoor pool , surrounded by gardens .
the property features an outdoor pool and a sheltered terrace .
you can relax at noblesse bar while sipping your drink accompanied by pleasing views of the sea . live music performance can be enjoyed at noblesse bar during the night and the hotel also offers live piano performance at the lobby during the day at certain times . renovated marmara fish restaurant serves selective sea food dishes on the terrace throughout the year . featuring idyllic view of the marmara sea and the princes ' islands , daphe restaurant & grill ' s delicious menu includes mediterranean and turkish dishes .
casa vista del mar boasts an outdoor swimming pool , excellent ocean views and free wi - fi and parking .
guests can have their meals served upon request at an extra charge and two supermarkets are available across the street .
hôtel christiania is situated in val d ’ isère in the rhône - alps region .
in the living area of the loft apartment , there is a seating area with a sofa as well as a flat - screen tv . there is a private bathroom with a shower .
each room has a tv and a balcony . you will find a kettle in the room .
free wifi is available in all areas .
the saadian tombs are 15 minutes away by foot .
le clos du père finet b & b is just over a 10 - minute drive from redu .
free wifi is available .
hua hin market village is 1 . 4 km from baan chidchaba , while hua hin clock tower is 2 . 8 km from the property .
at a surcharge , guests can also have access to a sauna , and can enjoy massage services .
central apartment - cityapartments also includes a terrace .
drinks and refreshments are served in all of le playa ' s 6 bars .
each uniquely decorated guest room at barrows house boasts cable tv and an en suite bathroom .
museumplein is a 12 - minute walk .
the property features a garden and a terrace .
bangla road is 300 metres from smile inn patong , while jungceylon shopping center is 500 metres away .
the hotel is located 4 km from the tibetan enclave of mcleodganj , the seat of the dalai lama .
el arenal is 23 km from hostal ca ' n pep , while magaluf is 39 km away .
free public parking is available at a location nearby .
in the mornings you can have breakfast out on your own balcony and enjoy the enchanting view , while at night you can indulge in the comfort of your brightly decorated room .
the rooms at windsor palace hotel are spacious and stylishly decorated . each comes with a tv with satellite channels and a bathroom equipped with a hairdryer .
the hotel is within a 5 - minute walk from traditional restaurants serving local ouzo .
the botanical gardens of acapulco are 2 . 3 miles from this luxury hotel .
the restaurant routier serves a simple set menu for lunch and dinner during the week .
the hotel ' s 211 guest rooms are spacious and beautifully furnished . each room combines bright colourings and furnishings with state - of - the - art technology , such as a flat screen tv and dvd player .
the garden with palm trees includes a swimming pool .
some rooms have beautiful sea views and floor - to - ceiling windows .
the bathrooms come with a hairdryer .
the property houses a restaurant serving a menu of tasty à la carte local dishes .
rooms boast city or water views and free wi - fi .
panama city is a 90 - minute drive away .
new mezaparks is a 16 km drive from the baltic sea . the property is 2 . 5 km from the alfa shopping center and 3 . 6 km from the riga zoo .
there is also a children ’ s playground .
a business centre is available for guests ’ convenience , while the tour desk can assist with sightseeing and travel arrangements .
free wifi is provided .
this cosy guesthouse offers beds in dormitory rooms , free wifi access and on - site parking .
meals can also be enjoyed on the panoramic terrace overlooking the sea .
located in a quite area within a short walk from lively istiklal street , azure has well equipped units with a contemporary décor .
this self - catering apartment offers modern furnishings and free wi - fi access .
set in the heart of mongkok , stanford hotel hong kong offers you a sleek and contemporary hotel experience surrounded by the city ’ s buzzling and dazzling shopping and entertainment district .
the region offers many outdooor activities including horse riding , mountain biking , tennis , golf , canoeing and fishing .
the nearest airport is bandaranaike international airport , 64 km from the property .
you will find a gift shop at the property .
villa agnese b & b is surrounded by a pretty garden and features individually furnished rooms with free wi - fi .
this eco - friendly hotel is next to öskjuhlíd hill ’ s quiet woods and 1 km from nauthólsvík geothermal beach .
every room is equipped with a flat - screen tv . you will find a kettle in the room .
the nearest bus stop is just around the corner .
you have free use of the swimming pool and wellness facilities at the hotel next door .
the eagle ' s landing restaurant offers breakfast , lunch and dinner daily .
guests also enjoy a shop , restaurant and bar can be found just 30 metres away .
the canton film museum is an 8 - minute drive from the hotel . canton square antique mall is 2 miles away .
são vicente is 6 km from nature inn , while são jorge is 20 km from the property .
the nearest airport is marco polo airport , 27 km from the property .
all rooms are air - conditioned and include a minibar , seating area and a tv with satellite channels .
the miraflores district with its many bars and restaurants is a 15 - minute drive away .
free wifi is featured throughout the property .
it offers a sweet breakfast and accommodation with allergy - free rooms .
guests can enjoy thai and western cuisines at the on - site restaurant .
some rooms have bathtubs and can accommodate up to 4 guests .
some rooms include a kitchen .
kayseri archaeology museum is 1 . 5 km from grand eras .
shops and restaurants can be found within a 5 km distance .
private parking is free .
the apartments have a sofa .
they all come with a tv and a private bathroom .
you can enjoy sea view and mountain view .
they are either furnished in modern alpine style .
coffee facilities , a work desk and air conditioning are included .
a bar is available and wine tastings are organised in the hotel ’ s cellar .
room service is available .
a 10 - minute walk from the beautiful unawatuna beach , beach grove villas is a 4 - star property with an outdoor pool , private barbecue pits and massage treatments .
pappukutty beach resort is 14 km from trivandrum international airport and thampanoor railway station .
a hairdryer and an iron can be provided upon request .
central cambridge and the famous university are a 20 - minute bus ride away and cambridge science park is 10 minutes away by car .
at hotel beira mar you will find a 24 - hour front desk and a garden .
guests can enjoy hiking in šmarna gora mountain , 200 metres away and canoeing on the river sava .
the marble bathrooms boast a separate walk - in shower and bathrobes .
situated directly on the shore of the lake balaton , 2 km from the siofok ’ s city centre , silver beach retro hotel features a 1 - km long private beach and a wide variety of leisure activities .
located 150 metres from jesolo ' s beaches , residence mara offers apartments with free wifi , air conditioning and a terrace . it comes with a private beach area and free bikes .
the restaurant la scala serves fine cuisine in either the dining room or outside on the terrace .
matthias church is 2 . 3 km from szeréna guest house , while chain bridge is 2 . 8 km away .
pets are allowed upon request .
the main bus station can be found in trogir ’ s centre .
the schwarzes ross is an ideal base for hiking , nordic walking , mountain biking and winter sports .
the apartment comes with a seating area with a flat - screen tv and private bathroom with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
breakfast can be enjoyed every morning and includes fresh fruit , bread and jam .
free wifi is available throughout the property .
free wifi is available in the common areas .
featuring wooden flooring , central heating and stylish interior , each townhouse comes with facilities like a flat - screen tv with english and chinese satellite channels , and a dvd player .
massages are also offered .
the property is located 1 km from kempty fall and 3 km from dalai lamas temple . gaggal airport is 23 km away .
the hotel is located about 3 km from ankleshwar industries and 6 km from panoli industries .
the apartments feature views of the woods or mountains , a living / dining area with sofa and fully equipped kitchenette , and a bathroom .
the 2 - bedroom accommodation will provide guests with a tv , air conditioning and a computer .
travel arrangements can be made at the tour desk .
you can enjoy city view .
haus gadafent has a ski storage room , a garden with barbecue facilities , and a games room with table tennis .
a terrace or patio are featured in certain rooms .
each apartment has a private bathroom .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer .
the private bathroom comes with a hairdryer and a shower .
free private parking is possible on site .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with free toiletries .
all have a private bathroom , desk and wooden floors .
the colon offers simple , bright décor throughout .
the historic town of hall in tirol is also close by .
free private parking is also available on site .
a fridge and a microwave are also at guests ’ disposal .
the property offers free parking .
set in pollensa and surrounded by citrus trees , villa margraner paquita offers an outdoor pool , garden and terrace .
the hotel also features many in - room amenities , including free high - speed internet access .
featuring free wifi and a terrace with sea views , can biel is a holiday home , situated in can picafort .
the en suite bathroom has a shower , hairdryer , slippers and free toiletries .
at studio patong by icheck inn you will find a 24 - hour front desk and laundry facilities .
apartmenthaus city 4 provides modern studios with kitchen and free wifi , located 100 metres from the tram stop and the letzigrund stadium in zurich .
additional services offered by the hotel include a 24 - hour reception desk and luggage storage .
pick - up from wengen train station is provided on request .
in the centre of zadar guest can also visit the well - known greeting to the sun and the sea organ , as well as the historic st . donatus ’ church .
free wifi is available throughout the property .
guests can cook their meals in the kitchen , complete with a dining area .
this modern old quebec hotel is 5 minutes ' walk from the notre dame de quebec cathedral and 10 minutes ' walk from the museum of civilization .
alexious is located less than 4 km from the meteora monasteries guests can enjoy daytrips of the nearby attractions in the region , including pertouli , elati and plastira lake .
lax airport is 45 minutes ’ drive away .
located 5 minutes ’ walking from the ribeira district , in porto ’ s historical centre , vitoria apartments features modern accommodation within a restored historical building .
the rolling hills around huize poswick are planted with the northernmost vineyards of europe .
guests enjoy access to the complex ’ s pool with hot tub .
there are 2 living rooms and a kitchen as well as a private bathroom with free toiletries and a hairdryer .
the property ' s restaurant offers full - board meals .
you can prepare a simple meal using the microwave , toaster kettle and refrigerator provided .
the schottenring underground station ( line u2 ) is 500 metres away , while the schwedenplatz underground station ( lines u1 and u4 ) is 600 metres away .
situated in chişinău , this air - conditioned apartment features free wifi and a balcony . the apartment is 400 metres from central market .
the apartments range in size from studios to 3 bedroom apartments .
guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant .
situated on the ambewela hills , happiness lodge is surrounded by vegetable gardens and offers rooms with views of the picturesque landscape .
free parking is available at the tagungszentrum georg leber haus .
this property is 1 . 7 km from plaza de la patria square and 2 km from parque héroes mexicanos metropolitan park .
a renovated 19th - century stone house with a hot tub , garden , outdoor swimming pool and a gourmet restaurant , chambres d ' hôtes domaine de beunes is set in the countryside , a 10 - minute drive from villeneuve - sur - lot and its train station .
agriturismo fattoria etrusca is a family - run farmhouse in the heart of the maremma countryside .
maraveja ’ s rooms have a warm atmosphere and are fitted with country - style furnishings .
b & b cuenca is set on the banks of the river júcar , 5 minutes ’ drive from cuenca ’ s old town and famous hanging houses .
some rooms also include a balcony .
guests can enjoy vegetarian dishes and drinks at the guest house ́ s bar and restaurant .
the area is popular for cycling and hiking .
a washing machine and ironing facilities are provided in this chalet .
the property is 6 . 8 km from angkor wat .
featuring a shower , the private bathroom comes with a hairdryer .
basel is a 45 - minute drive from hotel restaurant bahnhof felsenau and free private parking is available on site .
b & b hoeve jadoul is 9 km from waremme , 13 . 9 km from landen and 14 . 3 km from sint - truiden .
featuring a shower , the bathroom also comes with free toiletries and a hairdryer .
free wifi is featured throughout the property .
there is a private bathroom with a bath .
motor cyclists and mountain bikers will find a lockable garage at the national hotel in order to safely park their vehicles .
set just outside the centre of palma del río , hostal restaurante hermanos zamora features a restaurant and rooms with free wi - fi .
it offers free wi - fi in all areas and boutique rooms fusing art déco and oriental designs .
there is a private bathroom with a bath and bidet .
all self - contained villas at gateway lifestyle lorikeet include separate lounge and dining areas , cable tv and en suite bathrooms .
your accommodation features a tv , balcony , seating area , kitchen and private bathroom .
there is an on - site hairdressing salon , and the 24 - hour reception can arrange massages and physiotherapy .
featuring free wifi , a restaurant and an outdoor pool , windmill hostel offers accommodation in valle de anton , 28 km from playa blanca . guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant . free private parking is available on site .
each of sunshine vista ' s apartments offers 2 bedrooms with ceiling fans and two bathrooms .
featuring free wifi , a barbecue and a terrace , pensiunea coralia offers accommodation in eforie nord .
the apartment will provide you with air conditioning and a seating area .
bicycles can be rented at rohonci vendégház and free parking is possible on site .
guests can enjoy regional meals made from fresh products in the restaurant .
the seating area features a sofa bed , large screen cable tv , and a stereo system are provided .
the property is a 5 - minute drive from the saba ray riding stables and a 15 - minute drive from bali bird park and marine park .
it also features a mini farm and free wi - fi .
this tifton , georgia hotel is near the georgia museum of agriculture and a target distribution center .
a full - service business centre and laundry facilities are also on site .
rooms here will provide you with air conditioning and a flat - screen satellite tv . there is also an electric kettle .
other landmarks such as the spanish steps , can be easily reached via metro .
guests are also welcome to book treatments and massages .
the qutub minar is 8 km and lotus temple is 20 km .
the nearest airport is belgrade nikola tesla airport , 14 km from the property .
at villa 49 hotel beds - hikkaduwa you will find a garden , barbecue facilities and a terrace .
only 150 metres from the beach and a 10 - minute walk from the centre of vodice , apartments stancic offers you air - conditioned apartments with balcony .
private parking is available on site .
it is a 2 - hour , 30 - minute drive from colombo international airport .
each apartment offers a satellite tv , air conditioning and a fully equipped kitchenette . the private bathroom is complete with a hairdryer .
the centre of rawlins , with many shopping and dining options , is 3 km from the property .
the franz schubert bicycle trail and hiking trails pass by the house .
ferienwohnung traudl singer is within 500 metres of götzens town centre , a supermarket , restaurant the götzner bahn ski lift , and a ski bus stop .
guests can laze around the pool or work up a sweat at the fitness centre .
universal orlando resort is 26 minutes ' drive away from the holiday homes .
explore nature by foot , as cars are not permitted in this beautiful village .
sarinah is 3 . 8 km from zen premium kuningan karet , while tanah abang grocery & textile center is 4 . 1 km away .
situated in pushkino , this air - conditioned apartment features free wifi and a balcony .
the resort has a private beach area and water sports facilities , and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant or a drink at the bar .
alsonso lopez airport is 2 km from the property .
seasons place takes 6 minutes ’ car journey to reach . beijing capital international airport is 45 minutes ’ drive away .
amenities of this modern hotel include a beauty parlour , a souvenir shop and a surcharge underground garage .
the bar is the ideal place to enjoy an aperitif or drink , while the à la carte restaurant specialises in gourmet cuisine including homemade pasta and desserts .
free wi - fi access is available in the entire property and free parking is provided .
cat ba national park is a 30 - minute drive away .
la spezia is 6 km from villa alberto , while corvara is 15 km from the property .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including fishing and snorkelling .
featuring a shower , private bathroom comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
alternatively , the koi features all - day dining of bistro food , accompanied with views of the pool and pond .
the property features a restaurant , which offers traditional dishes from the valtellina .
limassol marina is 700 metres from living downtown , while mymall is 5 km away .
there is a full kitchen with a fridge , oven and stovetop .
guests can relax with the newspaper or a book in the spacious bar .
the brunswick has a vibrant cafe - bar , brutti ma buoni , which stays open to 04 : 00 and is a popular city spot at weekends .
restaurants , bars and grocers can be found within a walking distance .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a bath .
drinks can be enjoyed at the bar .
alternatively , barbecue facilities are available .
all units feature a flat - screen tv and air - conditioning . complete with a refrigerator , the dining area also has an electric kettle .
st . joseph cathedral and old city gate are within 800 metres away .
all rooms have a traditional décor featuring a tatami ( woven - straw ) floor , low furniture and japanese decorations .
ace accommodation b & b is nearby a variety of activities including tramping , horse riding and trout fishing .
only 50 metres from templarios castle in ponferrada , hotel el castillo offers free wi - fi in a perfect setting .
bepo also offers free parking for all guests and a children ’ s playground .
the nearest airport is milan linate airport , 6 km from the property .
beach stingray inn is a 30 - minute speedboat ride and a 1 . 5 - hour ferry ride from male international airport .
the property can provide indonesian and western dishes for guests to enjoy in the comfort of their own rooms .
holiday home jørgensvej sæby i is located in sæby and can accommodate up to 10 persons .
a number of restaurants and cafes can be found just a 5 - minute walk from résidence lamartine .
you can enjoy a sea view and a mountain view from all the rooms .
located in mamaia and only a 4 - minute walk away from the nearest beach , apartamente mamaia nord is a self - catering accommodation .
the property also offers grocery delivery and packed lunches .
some units have views of the sea or city .
they have a warm touch of colour and wooden fittings .
live jazz is played in the lounge on wednesday , thursday , friday , and saturday evenings .
the hotel also offers bike hire and car hire .
all units have a balcony , some with views to the garden .
private bathroom also comes with a shower .
surrounded by the high tatras national park and set only 2 . 5 km from the stary smokovec , penzion petko offers accommodation with free wifi , free private parking , a common dining room for 10 people with a kitchen , a garden with barbecue facilities and a table tennis .
the towns of igoumenitsa and parga are 23 km away .
room service is available 24 hours a day .
the tour desk helps guests organise excursions to tourist attractions .
a supermarket is 300 metres away and a restaurant is 150 metres from the property .
trento and lake garda are reachable in 30 minutes by car , while castel toblino is 5 . 5 km from the property .
airport shuttle service can be provided at a surcharge .
guests can use the ski storage room at appartements eden .
sainte - geneviève - sur - argence is a 10 - minute drive away .
located in the centre of rome , the property is a 5 - minute walk from piazza navona and the pantheon .
marcani mosque is 9 km from hostel friday , while kazan state university is 9 km away .
set in kemer , in a tropical garden with palm trees , selimhan hotel is just 6 km from goynuk .
featuring shower facilities , private bathrooms also come with a bath and a hairdryer .
the hotel also has a business centre .
guests can relax in the canyon ridge ' s spacious guest lounge , outdoor garden , or the patio .
pike place market and pioneer square are within 10 minutes ’ drive away from this motel .
the comfortable holiday home has a living room with a fireplace and cable tv .
ras al khaimah international airport is 18 km away .
some feature a balcony .
arcona living bach14 offers modern interiors designed on the theme of musical instruments .
hotel concorde el salam has 8 restaurants , ranging from italian restaurant to abou aouf restaurant serving egyptian and lebanese dishes .
during their stay , guests can enjoy a daily buffet breakfast and have drinks at the piano bar .
larnaca international airport is at a distance of 23 km .
guests can also have a meal at the on - site canteen .
it features a living room with sofas , a washing machine and tumble dryer . the private bathroom is fitted with a bath and there is also an additional bathroom .
pinto martins airport is located 7 km away .
centrally located in lençóis , in chapada diamantina national park , pousada lua de cristal offers simple accommodation , as well as free wi - fi and buffet breakfast .
the bars offer a variety of alcoholic and non - alcoholic drinks .
offering a seasonal outdoor pool and sun terrace , ksar ljanoub is set in aït ben haddou in the souss - massa - draa region , 2 km from ait ben haddou .
offering a bar , almar hotel is conveniently located just 3 minutes ’ walk from blackpool promenade .
rooms are fully air conditioned and equipped with a flat - screen satellite tv , a work desk and a safety deposit box .
this very spacious and bright three - bedroom apartment will provide you with a flat - screen tv , a seating area .
the sunnegga cable car and zermatt train station can be reached in a 7 - minute walk from the artemis garni .
certain rooms have a seating area to relax in after a busy day .
set 100 metres from poble sec metro station in barcelona , apartamento abrevadero offers apartments in different locations around the paralel / poble sec area .
the slovakian border is only 3 km away and lake czorstynskie is a 20 - minute drive from the accommodation .
bayern hof features free wifi throughout the property .
a restaurant serving a local specialties can also be found within the 5 - minute walk .
the friendly staff can organise horse riding trips , hiking and jeep tours .
the kruger national park is 57 km from the property .
tan son nhat international airport is 30 km away .
the hotel features rooms with sea view balcony , each equipped with air condition , tv and heating .
a wide numbers of bars , shops and restaurant are available within a walking distance .
the carpathian comfort serves home - style cuisine in their on - site restaurant .
this apart hotel offers simple , practical accommodation with free wi - fi only 800 metres from beto carreiro world amusement park .
the property is 14 km from sobra ferry port which connects to papratno on pelješac .
leisure trips and travel arrangements can be planned at tuong vy ’ s tour desk , which also offers ticket service .
an international menu is served at cafe eight , whilst light refreshments and coffee is available at the lobby lounge . signature cocktails and bar snacks can be enjoyed at the deck bar .
the apartment offers free private parking on - site
it takes 20 minutes by taxi to sanya railway station .
daen ’ s room one is located in utrecht . it is daen ’ s one and only hotel room which feels more like a b & b with its own entrance and no reception being there .
guests benefit from terrace . free wifi is featured .
breakfast is included , and free wifi access is available .
guests can wind down at carbin bars located a 5 - minute walk from the property .
there is free private parking on site .
the individually decorated guest rooms at södergårda östra bed & breakfast have shared bathrooms .
surgut airport is 10 km from the property .
rollins college is 5 miles from the hotel .
free private parking is available on site .
the five - bedroom accommodation will be provided with a tv and dvd player .
rooms include a private bathroom equipped with shower and free toiletries .
skhidnitsa is 39 km from maxim hotel , while slavske is 70 km away .
a few minute ’ s walk from glasgow central station this aa 4 - star hotel offers quiet , spacious , air - conditioned rooms with free wi - fi , leisure facilities and on - site parking .
located in saint - pierre , hotel l ' endormi is situated 2 km from the beach and offers free wifi in public areas , as well as private parking on site .
located in la florida , in the punta prima area , this holiday home features free wifi and a terrace .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including hiking .
such as free wifi internet access , yet also tastefully decorated in a classic style .
a fresh continental breakfast is delivered to each suite daily .
guests can enjoy a drink at the bar and snacks , sandwiches and drinks can be bought from the vending machines in the lobby .
the nearest beach is 200 metres away .
the resort offers a convenience store , coin laundry facilities and concierge service .
the seaside gytheio village is at 68 km from the property .
the picturesque carreiro de joannes is 10 minutes ’ walking from the peniche guest house , and cabo carvoeiro lighthouse is 2 . 7 km .
each modern room and self - catering apartment at esplanade comes with a private bathroom complete with hairdryer and courtesy set .
the spacious rooms are all air - conditioned .
a daily hot breakfast with waffles , bacon , fresh fruit , and more is served at this property .
modern amenities include a flat - screen tv with satellite channels , a safety deposit box , and a two - door fridge .
the spacious living area features a sofa , flat - screen tv with satellite channels , and also a dining table .
an iron and a washing machine are available , and tourist information can be provided at the reception .
all units come with a seating area , a minibar and a bathroom with a shower or a tub .
located a 2 - minute walk from marata kazeya park in minsk , ts apartment features free wifi .
a buffet breakfast is prepared every morning at this hotel .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
accommodation will provide you with air conditioning , a balcony and pay - per - view channels .
the en - suite bathrooms come complete with a walk - in shower and free toiletries .
each one comes with a sink , and the shower and toilet are shared .
there is also a hotel terrace where guest can relax and enjoy the view .
the hotel route - inn koriyama provides comfortable accommodation with free wired internet and free breakfast .
alameda centro historico is close to all main tourist attractions . juarez , hidalgo and bellas artes metro stations are 5 minutes ’ walk from the complex .
the private bathroom features a hair dryer , set of toiletries , and one set of 4 towels for each guest .
the property offers free parking and winter and summer passes for buses and discounts for ski passes .
there is also a sports complex featuring basketball , football and tennis facilities 300 metres away .
a shared lounge with sofas and a tv is offered .
royal łazienki park is 1 . 9 km from rakowiecka apartment by sleepingcar , while ujazdowski park is 2 . 1 km away .
some rooms have beds while others have traditional futon bedding .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
cello hotel is a 10 - minute drive from coex mega shopping mall , and 20 minutes to gangnam business district .
each bright air - conditioned room here will provide you with a cable tv .
watersports are available at nearby nikki beach and saint jean bay , both within 4 km of villa c ’ est la vue .
some rooms include a fully equipped kitchenette with dining area , ideal for preparing meals .
guimarães is 30 km away , and peneda - gerês national park is within 25 km .
free private parking is also possible on site and angers is 30 km away .
an airport shuttle service is available for an extra charge .
this rural hotel with its gourmet restaurant and bistro is beautifully situated in its own private park on the banks of a river in the haute sûre valley , an ideal place for many outdoor activities .
parking is available free of charge on site .
the nearest airports are klagenfurt and graz airport , both within 70 km of gasthof wabitsch .
treat yourself to drinks at the bar or a variety of bulgarian and international dishes at the restaurant .
bed linen is available .
there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
the air - conditioned unit is 5 km from cala major beach .
at ray ' s bucktown bed and breakfast you will find a summer herbs garden and several community areas where guests can relax .
you can fire up the barbecue for a tasty meal and enjoy the garden in fair weather .
located 700 metres from st . pierre cathedral , studio city centre offers accommodation in geneva .
the private bathroom comes with a shower .
the reception at the crystal palace is open 24 hours a day .
other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage .
there is also a 24 / 7 convenience store .
a bakery , a shop and public transport are reachable within walking distance .
the property has water sports facilities and car hire is available .
guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant . free private parking is available on site .
the centre of rethymno town with its scenic venetian harbour is at a distance of 10 km .
there are cycling and hiking tracks in the vicinity .
free wifi access is available .
tour information , ticket service , and car hire are also available for guests ' convenience .
some have a fireplace .
with direct beach access , this hotel is just 100 metres from the mediterranean sea .
private parking is possible nearby .
you can reach positano on the amalfi coast in 30 minutes by car .
the bathroom comes with a bathtub , hairdryer and free toiletries .
guests can relax in the lounge area .
there is also a bar where you can get a snack or a drink .
activities in the surrounding area include cycling and hiking .
the curaçao design villa and penthouse features daily cleaning , 24 / 7 security and an information desk which offers recommendations about what to see and do around the island .
it offers an easy keyless entry system and free wifi .
the hotel is located a 5 - minute drive from the airport .
it features a vast garden with outdoor pool , free bikes and bbq facilities .
located 8 km from the city of privas , and set in a building from the 13th century , château de rochessauve offers a swimming pool in its large garden and a terrace . wi - fi access is available in the public areas .
an outdoor pool is on site .
this elgin hotel is within a 15 - minute drive of the grand victoria casino .
the property boasts views of the city and is 1 . 1 km from mogren beach .
a rich breakfast buffet is provided each morning .
it offers free wifi access .
private parking is free .
mövenpick is only one tram stop away from amsterdam central railway station from where there are tram , bus and metro connections all over the city .
featuring air conditioning , kostas apartments offers pet - friendly accommodation in stalida .
the private bathroom is complete with a shower , free toiletries and hairdryer .
restaurants and mini market can be found within 250 metres from noufaro studios in the centre of karfas village .
it is also 20 minutes by car from buenos aires city ' s centre .
round off your perfect day with a drink in the garden bar .
the guest house makes the ideal base for skiing trips on kreuzberg mountain .
from may until october , the millstaettersee card is included in the rate .
krakow - balice airport is located 58 km away .
breakfast is provided in the room every morning .
located within minutes of the san bernardino county fairgrounds in victorville , california , this cosy hotel offers contemporary facilities in a scenic area of southern california near shopping and dining venues .
all the furniture at the property is wooden and eco - friendly .
guests can enjoy the on - site snack bar . free private parking is available on site .
featuring a seasonal outdoor pool , this hotel is 40 minutes ’ drive from fremont indian state park and museum .
it will provide you with a flat - screen tv , a terrace and a seating area . there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
located slope side , this hotel offers skiing at the snowshoe mountain resort and is opposite the ballhooter ski lift .
apartments are fitted with a living room and a separate bedroom , spacious fully equipped kitchen with a dining area and a bathroom with a bath and separate toilet .
this hotel is located only 1 km from the airport , the exhibition centre and the congress centre .
the rooms come with a flat - screen tv with cable channels .
the hotel offers an indoor pool and free wi - fi .
hotel atlantic tuan chau can assist with luggage storage , laundry and ironing services .
the bell arte breakfast restaurant includes a conservatory and terrace .
hakuba train station is a 10 - minute drive as well , and the hakuba onsen hot springs can be enjoyed a 40 - minute drive away .
the kitchen area is fully equipped with the necessary kitchen utensils and appliances for indoor cooking .
a public bus which can be used in the entire achental valley free of charge stops nearby .
the four - bedroom cottage provides a satellite tv , free wifi and a dvd / cd player .
sanya chanyue xidao inn features free wifi throughout the property .
free wifi is available throughout the entire property and there is a restaurant on - site .
guests can enjoy a barbeque and outdoor dining area as well .
extras include bed linen .
pousada resort 7 belo is 3 km from moda shopping mall and the famous feira das malhas market .
set in the city centre , this hotel boasts charming stone and timber buildings and superb dining , and features bright , elegant rooms with free wi - fi .
regional cuisine is served in the rustic restaurant with wooden floors and exposed beams .
the tanger outlet center is a 4 - minute drive away .
the nearest restaurants are also available just around the corner .
warsaw chopin airport is 1 km away .
daily housekeeping , laundry and ironing service are available .
enjoy the town , with the modern thermarium spa just a 5 - minute walk away .
the primavera has an outdoor swimming pool and guests can enjoy a round of golf at the golf du cap - d ’ adge , located just 1 km from the hotel .
there is a vips restaurant just 50 metres from the property , and guests can find a variety of other dining options along the city ’ s malecon , just 500 metres away .
a 5 - minute walk from rome ' s piazza bologna square , roma gaia bed and breakfast offers en suite rooms . bologna metro station on line b is 400 metres from this property .
lakeland civic center is 10 minutes from motel 6 lakeland , fl . tampa international airport is 45 minutes west of the motel .
the comfort suites hotel is conveniently located less than five miles from the save mart center at fresno state .
bright and warmly furnished , rooms at glencree are individually designed and feature en suite bath or shower rooms with free toiletries and a hairdryer . a flat - screen tv is featured in every room , along with tea and coffee - making facilities .
the rooms at hotel sanmar feature wooden floors and a desk .
some units feature a personal safe and an electric kettle , while each en suite bathroom includes a shower , towels and free toiletries .
private parking is available at an extra cost .
the modern rooms are air - conditioned , and feature a flat - screen tv with satellite channels , tea / coffee making amenities and a minibar .
you can engage in various activities , such as skiing , cycling and hiking .
the room features parquet flooring , a desk and bookshelves .
with contemporary décor , these air - conditioned rooms feature a small outdoor area . each has a private bathroom with a hairdryer .
beringer vineyards , krug winery and st . helena ' s culinary institute of america are 25 km away .
the units are located in 2 house by the sea .
offering a top - floor spa and spacious rooms with classic design and luxury furniture , hotel principe di savoia is 100 metres from milan ’ s repubblica metro and train station .
beijing capital international airport is a 1 - hour drive away .
free wifi and free private parking is available on site .
from may to october the löwen alpincard is included in the rate .
vorokhta is 19 km away .
other facilities at pearl one include a seasonal outdoor pool .
they also have a kitchenette , and a bathroom with a bath or shower , hairdryer and free toiletries .
free public parking is also available .
offering a restaurant , cavea is located in the sassi of matera , a 10 - minute walk from the train station . there is a garden , where guests can relax .
shared use of a washing machine and clothes drier is also available .
each comes with a dvd player and a flat - screen tv .
in the moshav community , guests will also find a synagogue , mini market , petting zoo and playground .
on request , the hotel an der stadtmauer offers a shuttle to and from mühlhausen train station .
there is a fully equipped kitchen with an oven and a refrigerator .
portblue club pollentia resort & spa , 5 km from alcudia , offers extensive sports facilities , including 3 swimming pools , a tennis court and watersports centre .
every room is fitted with a flat - screen tv . you will find a kettle in the room .
this hotel is 22 minutes ’ bus drive away from los angeles international airport .
the bathroom is fitted with a bathtub and free toiletries .
this resort , packed full of activities for the whole family , is set in 10 acres of beautiful gardens and lush vegetation right next to a long sandy beach .
in warm weather , guests can also eat outside in the garden .
the en suite bathroom includes as shower or spa bath and hairdryer .
antica locanda offers a free breakfast buffet in a bright dining hall .
other facilities at albergue rural econatur include a shared lounge and a tour desk .
with free shuttle service to / from gillette – campbell county airport , this hotel in wyoming also features an indoor heated pool .
each room here will provide you with a tv , air conditioning and a seating area . there is also a dining table .
set in the surroundings of the santa maria la real monastery , this guest house maintains original features such as wooden beams and stone walls .
rooms at le petit chateau come with hardwood floors and feature antique décor , garden views , a work desk , a minibar and a flat - screen tv with cable channels .
the accommodation is 10 minutes ' drive from the a4 motorway and orio al serio airport .
the e46 - motorway is a 3 - minute drive from the bed and breakfast .
private parking is free at the b & b .
they all feature a desk and seating area .
portela airport is 8 . 4 km away from the gspot hostel .
coral bay is 11 km from villa amaracos , while kakopetria is 44 km away .
extras include slippers , free toiletries and a hair dryer .
veracruz international airport is 1 hour and 20 minutes ’ drive away .
this pet - friendly hotel offers coin operated guest laundry , as well as a 24 - hour front desk .
you can engage in various activities , such as cycling , fishing and hiking .
grocery shops and restaurants can be reached within walking distance of the property .
each room comes with a seating area , tv , and a bathroom with shower and free toiletries .
rooms have mountain views and free wifi .
the centre of moscow is 4 metro stops from optima apartments on maryina roshcha .
hotel casa chameleon is built using renewable resources such as bamboo and volcanic rock , which provides the hotel with a unique style .
staff can recommend one of many restaurants in the kungsholmen district .
the en suite bathroom features hot and cold shower with free toiletries as well as slippers .
the apartment includes a well - equipped kitchenette with oven and stovetop .
the hotel is 5 km from india gate , 6 km from rashtrapati bhawan and 13 km from qutub minar .
guests benefit from a library with over 2 , 000 books .
fitted with well - chosen furnishings and cocomat mattresses and pillows , all air - conditioned units include a flat - screen tv with cable channels .
bingin inn offers a tropical retreat , a 5 - minute drive from padang padang beach .
this air - conditioned and split - level , 2 - bedroom villa of 066 opens to a furnished terrace and balcony .
austrian specialities and international cuisine are served in the restaurant of the mohnenfluh hotel .
all rooms are fully accessible and contain super - sized bunk beds , free wifi and en - suite shower rooms . each dormitory contains individual guest lockers , power points and reading lights , as well as adjustable heating .
they are equipped with a balcony , satellite tv and a seating area .
the accommodation at prague apartment includes a bathroom with a shower , a hairdryer and a washing machine .
all units include a kitchen fitted with an oven and toaster . a fridge and kettle are also offered .
all rooms offer a balcony or patio , some with stunning ocean views .
free private parking is available on site .
at meryland you will find a garden and a shared kitchen .
the accommodation will provide you with a free wifi , a terrace and garden views .
these functional apartments are set in the gracia district .
a flat - screen tv with satellite channels is provided .
a supermarket and a restaurant can be found within a walking distance .
room service is also available .
greywalls hotel is situated on the edge of muirfield ’ s championship golf course , on the 9th and 18th holes .
situated in astana , 5 km from bayterek monument , hotel shah features free wifi access and free private parking . the hotel has a spa centre and sauna , and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant .
featuring free wifi throughout the property , la valle dei gobbi offers accommodation in monsummano , 4 km from montecatini terme .
it provides charming accommodation featuring free wifi access and soothing spa treatments .
all of the rooms at chambres d ' hôtes les pierres taillées feature a simple décor and an independent entrance .
staff at the tour desk can help guests with sightseeing tours as well as bicycle rental and shuttle services .
the spacious apartments have a balcony .
nonthaburi pier n30 is 6 km from maneerin , while pibul 2 pier is 7 km from the property .
mogren beach is 800 metres away and several tennis courts are located at a distance of 1 km .
juanda international airport is reachable within a 45 - minute drive .
free wifi is provided .
seaside sandy beach ’ s spacious , air - conditioned rooms include satellite tv and a furnished balcony .
ferienwohnungen himmelsstübchen und gartenstübchen features warmly decorated studio apartments with homelike décor .
it is set among landscaped gardens and features an outdoor pool and free wi - fi .
it takes 5 minutes to walk to nevsky prospekt metro station .
the bright and modern apartments consist of 2 rooms and include a living area with a sofa , hd tv , a fully equipped kitchen and a balcony .
just a 15 - minute walk from rosa beach , pousada capitão cook offers free wi - fi , an outdoor swimming pool and a daily breakfast . located 300 metres from rosa centre , restaurants , bars and shops are situated nearby .
the hotel also offers a skittles alley , tennis courts and a squash court .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with slippers .
a hairdryer and ironing facilities are available upon request .
towels and bed linen are offered .
highland lake inn ' s on - site restaurant , season ’ s , offers internationally - inspired cuisine in a fine dining atmosphere .
phuket international airport is a 45 - minut drive away .
all air - conditioned rooms are fitted with a seating area , a writing desk and a flat - screen tv with cable channels .
a hairdryer , bathrobes and slippers are provided .
there is a dining area for 8 people .
4 - friendshostel offers pet - friendly accommodation in central gdańsk .
the property offers a 24 - hour reception and free private parking .
the international airport of rhodes is at 50 km .
each tastefully decorated room at pension lindely has a seating area and access to shared bathroom facilities .
bitola ' s main bus as well as train station is 1 . 5 km away . skopje and skopje airport are 175 km from bitola .
the main train station is 1 . 3 km away .
there is a shopping centre in 500 m , restaurant 200 m , bus stop 50 m , railway station " gornergrat " 500 m , underground station " metro sunnegga " 500 m , ski bus stop in 20 m .
the hostel also has a snack bar and billiard facilities .
posada del infante posada real ' s heated rooms feature elegant , traditional decor .
day and hiking trips through rice terraces and along the river can be arranged by the hotel at an extra cost .
car hire is available at the property and the area is popular for snorkeling and windsurfing . you can engage in various activities , such as diving and fishing .
hostal mays is a guest house located in a quiet area between madrid , toledo and aranjuez .
the hotel has a children ' s playground , and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant .
elgin cathedral historic ruins are a 15 - minute walk away and elgin golf club is a 6 - minute journey in the car .
the property offers free parking .
arnoma hotel bangkok is 23 km from suvarnabhumi international airport . it is a block away from the erawan shrine .
spring river golf course is 10 minutes ’ drive away . bitter lake national wildlife refuge is 22 minutes ’ drive away .
this residence resideal is located next to la croisette , in central cannes .
each includes a fully equipped kitchenette as well as barbecue facilities .
noosa tropicana is just 10 minutes ’ walk from gympie terrace , which features riverfront dining and shopping .
helpful staff can offer assistance with shuttle service arrangements .
the kitchen is fully equipped , including a dishwasher and a microwave .
the property has a terrace and provides ski storage .
tvs and private bathrooms are found in hundested kro hotel ’ s rooms .
it features a spa complex , indoor pool and modern medical centre .
only 100 metres from the adriatic sea , apartments gea is quietly set in a green area of moščenićka draga .
room service is available .
arborétum mlyňany is 30 km away .
the restaurant at miralago hotel overlooks lake como and serves international cuisine and specialities from the lombardy region .
a wardrobe is featured in all rooms at akureyri h . i .
willemstad ’ s town centre is a 15 - minute drive away and hato international airport is located 10 km away .
free on - site parking is offered .
guests can laze in soothing massage , splash around in the 2 pools , dance at the nightclub , or play a game of billiards , tennis , darts , squash or bowling .
there is a private bathroom with a shower .
hotel anemos features a private beach in front of the property with free sun beds and grass umbrellas , and a beach bar serving drinks and snacks .
set in playa hermosa , 37 km from tamarindo , golden palms papagayo features free wifi access and free private parking .
the nearest airport is philip goldson international airport , 33 km from becks bed & breakfast .
the fully - equipped kitchen has all the necessary utensils to cook meals and includes a coffee machine and a dishwasher .
with views of the village and the forest , the rooms feature seating areas and en - suite bathrooms with hairdryers and free toiletries . the beds come with duck down pillows , quilts , and cotton sheets .
every room includes a microwave and a small refrigerator .
non - smoking rooms are available .
linen is provided .
decorated in different colour tones with hardwood floors , rooms at the boutique hotel feature air conditioning , a flat - screen tv with cable and a minibar . the private bathroom features a bath robe , amenities and a hair dryer .
towels and bed linen are offered in this self - catering accommodation .
puerta catedral studios features a shared terrace with views of the giralda .
kolizey fitness centre is a 10 - minute walk away .
guests will find several cafes and restaurants within a radius of 500 metres .
each room here will provide you with a tv , air conditioning , minibar and coffee / tea making facilities . bathroom facilities are attached .
seikei - en garden is 850 metres away .
the kitchenette is equipped with a microwave , fridge and coffee machine .
a dishwasher and an oven can be found in the kitchen .
regal plaza hotel & residence is a 30 - minute drive from shanghai new international expo centre . it is a 35 - minute drive from pudong international airport and has free parking .
decorated in classic style , rooms at fazenda mini - hotel come with a private bathroom , fitted with a shower and slippers .
the unit fitted with a kitchen with an oven and microwave .
all rooms are air conditioned and include a desk and a tv with satellite channels . the private bathrooms have a bath , a hairdryer and free toiletries .
oloway crescent 60 is 7 minutes ' drive from mooloolaba beach . it is 12 minutes ' drive from sunshine coast airport .
guests can store luggage at the 24 - hour front desk .
luis eduardo magalhães international airport is 6 km away .
a common terrace is provided . a shared living area with a fireplace , a tv and a computer is available as well .
the accommodation is air - conditioned and includes a seating area , tv and a fully equipped kitchen with oven and dishwasher .
all rooms are fitted with a private bathroom .
the nearby seaside promenade features bars , restaurants , taverns , tennis courts and other sports facilities .
it offers free parking and rooms with satellite tv .
bangkok city pillar is 450 metres from the property , while temple of the emerald buddha is 550 metres away .
the jerte valley is 36 km from the hotel , and plasencia is 30 km away .
lucca is a 35 - minute drive from the property .
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower .
all units at the hotel feature air conditioning , cable tv , a desk and a balcony . private bathrooms are equipped with a shower .
guests can enjoy cycling , hiking or skiing during their stay .
the old mill is set along the c2c coast to coast cycle route .
a variety of award - winning breakfasts is offered , including cooked to order options .
there is a bowling alley offered .
free wi - fi is accessible in all areas .
with a hilltop location , casa anicia offers two self - catering apartments with modern décor in bardolino , 1 km from the town centre .
each room offers a balcony .
the plan de guadalupe airport is 8 minutes from the hotel and there is free airport shuttle .
the family restaurant , also called castro , is only a 2 - minute walk away .
with modern wooden furnishing , rooms at hotel ibis bogota museo feature air conditioning and private bathrooms .
the three bathrooms come with a shower .
the resort ’ s restaurant serves a selection of authentic thai dishes and a daily continental breakfast .
some units also have a kitchen , fitted with an oven and microwave .
a range of russian cuisine is served in restaurant volna , and snacks and drinks can be enjoyed in the osobiy vkus café .
extras include a washing machine , a desk and bed linen .
this harbour side hotel is just across the street from gotland ’ s ferry terminal and 10 minutes ’ walk from visby ’ s medieval city centre , itself a unesco world heritage site .
they can also try local dishes with fresh fish .
all units share bathroom facilities .
free wifi is available .
some have a full kitchen for the preparation of meals , while others enjoy a spa bath or river view .
hammam treatments and massages can be booked , and there is also a bowling alley .
all rooms also include a work desk and a dvd player .
the temple of literature , dong xuan market and the vietnamese fine art museum are a 10 - minute walk from the hotel .
you will find a shared kitchen at the property .
each room has a private bathroom , tv and free wifi .
pine forest trails are within a 5 - minute walk from kristinos apartamentai - birutės al .
the nearest café is just 35 metres away while a grocery store is 200 metres from the building .
it is a 20 - minute drive to royal phuket marina and a 40 - minute drive to patong beach .
s2 hotel is situated in hong kong .
the en suite bathrooms provide hot and cold shower facilities .
the air - conditioned rooms of the resort feature pool and garden views , a flat - screen cable tv and wardrobe .
there is one meeting room , with the hotel able to accommodate 20 people for conferences .
free wi - fi access is available .
set 500 metres from barcelona port , klonkis i is an apartment with free wifi and free private parking .
annally bed and breakfast is a 30 - minute bus ride from central dublin , which is home to numerous high - street shops and traditional irish pubs .
wi - fi internet access is available in the complex .
located at the black sea beachfront in gagra , guest house on prospect ardzinba 257 offers free wifi .
the stubai glacier is 15 km away .
the guest house has a garden with a terrace , children ’ s playground and a farm with horses .
guests enjoy home - made meals with fresh ingredients in the restaurant with a tiled stove and bar .
sunshine coast airport is a 35 - minute drive away .
towels and bed linen are available .
drinks are served in the lounge with rattan chairs .
the unit is fitted with a kitchenette .
the garden is equipped with an outdoor pool and barbecue facilities .
this holiday home is 60 km from kastrup airport .
there are computers for guest use .
ski passes are available to purchase at big white chateau .
the guest house is 1 . 1 km from são francisco de assis church and 6 . 9 km from bus station .
located in la tania ski resort , la saboia offers self - catering accommodation featuring ski - to - door access .
the villa has a well - equipped kitchen with dining area for guests ’ conveniences .
free wifi is available throughout the property and free private parking is available on site .
the hotel is ideally situated in the heart of béziers and offers you a warm welcome and comfortable and affordable accommodation .
each air - conditioned villa is fully furnished and comes with a full kitchen .
this adult - only bed and breakfast is 3 miles from kailua - kona and 8 miles from kona international airport at keahole ( koa ).
located in san francisco , amsi telegraph two - bedroom cottage offers a fitness centre and hot tub . this self - catering accommodation features free wifi .
tirana airport is at a distance of 14 km .
the on - site bar , the tiger , serves a selection of coffee , cocktails and snacks .
you can park your car free of charge on site .
this ibis hotel is located in maubeuge in northern france , 100 meters from maubeuge train station .
featuring a shower , private bathroom comes with a hairdryer .
centrally located in mardin , basak hotel is 50 metres from zinciriye medresesi , an islamic centre built in 1385 .
there is a seating area , a dining area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher , an oven and a toaster .
featuring a dishwasher , the kitchen has all the equipment to prepare meals .
viaport outlet centre and sabiha gokcen international airport are 20 minutes ' drive from four points by sheraton istanbul dudullu .
rome fiumicino airport is 51 km away .
the property has 7 bedrooms , 7 bathrooms , 2 fully equipped kitchens and a large living area .
ekosamotnia is 6 km from the kraków old town and 6 . 5 km from the historic jewish quarter of kazimierz .
the apartment has a spacious dining room and a kitchen with an oven . there are 2 bedrooms and 1 bathroom with a bath tub .
bathroom and toilet facilities are shared , and come with a shower and toiletries .
split airport is 20 km away .
manchester opera house is 300 metres away , and manchester central is about 10 minutes ' walk away .
hiking trails start at the doorstep and brig is 24 km from the jentsch haus .
las condes apart hotel is located 450 metres from las condes civic centre and 700 metres from costanera centre .
goleniów airport is 78 km from the property .
the kitchen comes with a dishwasher .
a tv with cable channels , as well as a cd player are provided .
the private bathroom includes bathrobes , free toiletries and a hairdryer .
the famous hikkaduwa beach is within 6 km away .
the generous ecological breakfast buffet includes gluten - free and lactose - free options .
luxor paulo miranda home service also includes a spa centre and fitness centre .
the panoramabahn kitzbüheler alpen i cable car is 1 . 5 km from appartement gruber .
they have a classic design from the 1900s and feature a wrought - iron bed .
in the heart of the market town of morzine , in a garden with a heated , outdoor pool , this hotel proposes a bar , terrace and sauna .
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and oven , and the bathroom is fitted with a shower and a washing machine .
drinks from the bar can be enjoyed on the terrace , which affords city views .
rafting , lift , safari and canyon tours can be arranged for an additional fee .
the nearest airport is lublin airport , 8 km from mjhostel .
there is free parking , a guest lounge and an a la carte breakfast on offer .
a 24 - hour reception is provided to guests of inn classic .
rooms at hotel brauer have a bathroom , desk and satellite tv .
you will find a shared kitchen at the property .
two - bedroom holiday home in tvååker is a holiday home is set in tvååker and is 26 km from ullared . the property is 48 km from halmstad and free private parking is provided .
all rooms feature a fireplace .
located in the centre of paris , just 350 metres from the louvre museum , my address in paris – louvre saint honoré offers a modern , self - catering apartment in a typical parisian building .
towels are featured .
guests can enjoy a hot breakfast that includes bacon , eggs and cheese omelets during their stay at roanoke holiday inn express .
the town ’ s landmarks include the convento de las llagas de san francisco , and the church of sant juan bautista .
a safe , direct dial telephone and private balcony are included .
villipeura restaurant & bar offers finnish and international cuisine and an extensive wine list .
apartments also have a private terrace or balcony .
every room is fitted with a private bathroom equipped with a shower .
situated in the jinniu business district of west chengdu , inn barsby hotel is 500 - metres from one of chengdu ’ s most famous western restaurants , the sentosa .
restaurants , cafés and bars can be found in limburg ’ s old town .
featuring free wifi in all areas , naigao xiaowo offers accommodation in shanghai .
yimi inn nanshang dagang branch has a 24 - hour front desk offering free luggage storage .
each heated room at pensión lourdes has a desk and access to a shared bathroom .
birth of christ cathedral is 1 . 2 km from apartments chişinău 2 , while the triumphal arch chisinau is 1 . 4 km from the property .
girona is 34 km from apartment blanes ii , while tossa de mar is 13 km away .
the property is well placed for horse - riding , canoeing and archery , as well as scuba diving and golf at the nearby 18 - hole puntaldia golf club .
it offers free wi - fi and free access to a tv lounge and 2 communal kitchens .
casino niagara along with exciting clifton hill is also only steps away .
the hotel is located 30 minutes drive from tel aviv and 45 minutes from ben gurion airport .
gelendzhik is 9 km from apartment on gornaya 5 , while novorossiysk is 39 km away .
there is also a double bed in the living room .
on the private beach , each room has a parasol and 2 sun loungers .
rocafort metro station is just outside the door .
this property is less than 15 minutes ’ drive from gulf state park and less than 1 mile from the alabama gulf coast zoo .
breakfast at the alisèe b & b is served daily in the dining area or in the garden in the summer . it is a varied buffet offering sweet and savoury products .
each also has a kitchenette , and comes with a microwave and a fridge .
featuring air conditioning , afentrika building is located in larnaca , 1 . 3 km from larnaca marina . europe ' s square is 1 . 3 km away .
a bus stop can be reached at a distance of 300 metres .
all rooms at hotel vz měřín come with a refrigerator , a tv , a safety deposit box and a private bathroom with a shower .
the hotel also has a pool bar that serves cocktails in the summertime .
chalet dans résidence privée is located in la gaude .
free wi - fi access is available .
the accommodation will provide you with a living room , which comes with a fireplace and a tv , as well as a kitchenette , equipped with a dishwasher and a microwave .
the four - bedroom accommodation will provide a two tv ' s , free wifi and a dvd player .
the city of tokaj is reachable in 20 km .
guests can enjoy ticket services and plan excursions for an additional fee .
located next to the hotel dell ' angelo , residenze dell ' angelo can be found in the heart of locarno , just 100 metres from piazza grande .
family rooms are also available .
the wooden bungalows are facing the garden and have shared showers .
private bathrooms come with hot and cold shower facilities and free toiletries .
a variety of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling , hiking and darts .
svanninge bakker nature reserve is a 5 - minute drive from the b & b .
private bathrooms include shower facility and free toiletries .
in addition to the views , the spacious apartment is decorated with modern , alpine - style furnishings and has an open - plan living area .
pater noster lighthouse serves a daily breakfast buffet .
front beach is just 1 km from pleasant street inn .
the furnished terrace offers town views and garden views .
guests are served a daily breakfast buffet , which includes waffles , hot coffee and guests ’ choice of breakfast meat .
only a 2 - minute walk from its free beach , hotel myriam is in lignano sabbiadoro town centre , next to the shopping area .
the property is just 5 minutes from the main market .
activities in the surrounding area include golfing , cycling and hiking .
dormitory rooms are equipped with air conditioning and heating system , with private lockers and a shared bathroom .
extras include cable channels .
cavtat is 39 km from villa krasici , while kotor is 11 km from the property .
it offers a fully equipped kitchen and 6 bedrooms with private bathrooms .
its well - furnished cottages are situated amidst the tree tops , on the beachfront or are elevated with ocean views .
free wifi is available .
the bathrooms come with a bath or shower .
suzanne dellal dance show centre , neve tzedek is 900 metres from ohlala - hayarkon apartment , while meir park is 900 metres from the property .
this renovated , century - old house is located in a quiet and rural setting , 6 km from the village of serta .
a daily breakfast is served at the property and dinner can be enjoyed at the on - site restaurant , featuring bulgarian and international dishes .
this motel offers a daily hot breakfast to guests and an outdoor pool is on site .
lanna saithong resort is a 5 - minute drive from sansai market .
augsburger straße underground station is just 350 metres from the hostel .
capers at the beach bar & grill offers modern australian cuisine and a stylish atmosphere on the waterfront .
each room at hotel - pension jade features cable tv , a shared bathroom and free parking .
rooms at the hotel rustico cerro del valle have traditional argentinean décor and red brickwork walls .
the property has a private beach area and car hire is available .
a seating area , fireplace and flat - screen tv with blu - ray player feature in the living room at willa rautalahti . the villa has a private terrace and balcony with lake views .
every room is equipped with a private bathroom . extras include free toiletries and a hair dryer .
the nearest airport is tagbilaran airport , 10 km from the property .
it features free wi - fi .
the nearest grocery store is 50 metres from apartament luca and a restaurant is 200 metres away .
every room includes a private bathroom fitted with a shower .
featuring free private parking , the apartment is 1 . 8 km from kazan arena .
savoury options are also available upon request .
after a long day , enjoy a fine meal at the golfhotel denzerheide .
located only 600 metres from rio de janeiro ’ s copacabana beach , mascarenhas 99 apartment is a self - catering accommodation with free wifi access .
at garrison square by stay alfred you will find a garden , barbecue facilities and a terrace .
breakfast is available on sundays .
other dining options include cantonese food at royal chinese restaurant .
the amsterdam city ring a10 is only 9 km away from the hotel .
located only 800 metres to palio , romantic resort & spa offers free wi - fi and free private parking .
situated in the nerja city centre district in nerja , this air - conditioned apartment is 600 metres from balcony of europe . the property boasts views of the sea and is 1 . 4 km from burriana beach .
there is an on - site children ’ s playground and luggage storage is available and the front desk offers 24 - hour assistance .
some rooms boast views over the ocean and all have access to the inn ’ s free wifi .
apartament anet is a self - catering accommodation located in the centre of jelenia góra , a 5 - minute walk from the old market square .
guests can avail of luggage storage and safety deposit .
set in lyuben karavelovo , in the batova river area , kolyovite izvori hotel offers free air conditioning , a garden with barbecue facilities , an à - la - carte restaurant and free luggage storage .
free wifi access is available .
the apartment is equipped with a kitchen .
a flat - screen tv is offered .
located 200 metres from the beach in supetar , this air - conditioned holiday home features a terrace . the property boasts views of the sea is 16 km from split .
the nearest airport is tbilisi international airport , 13 km from apartment in old tbilisi .
a flat - screen cable tv , a desk , and a coffee machine are included in each room at quality inn and suites baymeadows .
featuring hot - water showers , the attached bathrooms also come with free toiletries and bath towels .
there is free public parking on site .
free private parking is available on site .
a japanese breakfast set is served at the dining room for an extra cost .
this b & b offers free private parking and bike rental is available on site .
there is a private bathroom with a shower and a hairdryer .
located in the centre of gusev , center hostel is a 2 - minute walk from the banks of pissa river .
decorated in bright colours , each air - conditioned room is equipped with a balcony and tv with satellite channels . it has marble floors and a fridge .
breakfast is served each morning in bestebakken ’ s dining room .
shops and restaurants can be found 200 metres from the apartment .
all rooms include a flat - screen tv and a private bathroom with a hairdryer .
palace square is 900 metres from triumph , while admiralty building is 1 km away .
each room at candiani is air conditioned and features a minibar and satellite tv .
each room comes with air conditioning , a satellite tv with dvd player , and an electric kettle .
catania fontanarossa airport is 46 km from the property .
parking is free .
cape town international airport is 45 minutes by car .
beside the bar , the lobby offers 2 free internet terminals .
ironing facilities are included in each room at americinn omaha . free toiletries and a hairdryer are also provided in all guest rooms .
the lodge features individual chalets , spread along the western coast of the island and overlooking the natural parkland .
at 600 m is a fishing spot by the østre sømark water .
arakur ushuaia resort & spa offers free parking .
local taverns , cafés and super markets can be found at 100 metres from armeno studios , while a bus stop is located 20 metres away .
the guest house is 12 km from sospel and a 20 - minute drive from the italian border .
the unit is fitted with a kitchenette . a tv is offered .
amano home offers private parking on - site for an extra fee .
upon arrival , guests are welcomed with a complimentary cup of coffee or tea .
by the zêzere river guests can engage in the most varied water sports .
organised excursions can be booked directly at the hotel .
towels and bed linen are offered .
guests can enjoy food in the on - site restaurant or have a drink in the bar .
it is 38 km away from vigla ski centre .
appartamento comi offers accommodation in casamassella .
azzano holidays b & b is 5 minutes ' walk from the nearest beach and 10 minutes ' drive from the larger town of menaggio .
hot drinks can also be enjoyed .
guests can play a game of billiards , or catch live sports action at the two - storey restaurant and bar .
hotel mahakal ashray is located in ujjain , 100 metres from mahakaleshwar jyotirlinga .
guests can enjoy a homemade granola or freshly made pancakes .
towels and bed linen are available in this self - catering accommodation .
the property offers free parking .
every room at this inn is air conditioned and has a tv .
the apartment will provide you with a satellite tv , air conditioning and a balcony .
colona castle is a boutique hotel occupying a mountain - side position by table mountain national park , overlooking false bay and the cape peninsula .
these north london studios are less than 100 metres from manor house tube station and the green finsbury park .
the property also offers grocery deliveries and laundry facilities .
some include a sofa bed and balcony .
car rentals and airport transfers are available at an extra charge .
guests at the barceló puerto vallarta can choose from 5 restaurants .
there are also 6 bars on site .
there is a private bathroom with a bath and bidet in each unit , along with a hairdryer .
pianeta oro avamposto meteo also includes a sun terrace .
featuring tiled floors and a dining area , all rooms have cable tv and a work desk .
during summer months , the hotel terrace is a great place to unwind with coffee and cakes .
in the house : sauna , whirlpool , storage room for skies , central heating system , washing machine , tumble dryer .
free private parking is provided on site .
activities such as diving and hiking can be enjoyed in the surrounding area , and there is a kayak guests can use for free .
larnaca port is just 600 metres away .
free wifi access is available at tsentr hostel .
restaurants , shops , and bars are located in the surroundings .
it is possible to order massage services or to play bowling or billiards .
the hotel is 4 km from viveiro ́ s old town .
it features an indoor pool , on - site gym , and free wi - fi .
the accommodation features dormitory and double rooms .
the helena regional airport is just 11 minutes ' drive away .
offering private rooms in a family apartment , this property is in stockholm ’ s kungsholmen district .
gatwick airport is 15 miles from coulsdon manor , and coulsdon town train station is 1 . 5 miles away . epsom downs racecourse can be reached within a 25 - minute drive , and guests can visit national trust - claremont landscape garden which is 16 miles from the hotel .
the property is 400 metres from st .
guests can print documents from their room to a main printer , then the hotel staff will personally deliver printed documents back to guests .
all koka apartments have a kitchenette with a kettle and a fridge . there is also a tv with satellite channels .
a balcony offers pool views .
zadar airport can be reached within 12 km .
hampton inn clemson rooms offer free wi - fi and 32 - inch flat - screen tvs with hbo .
the down town hostel is located just a 5 - minute walk from the besarabsky market .
orcas island airport is 5 km away and an 18 - minute drive from orcas island ferry terminal with service to anacortes , washington .
the rooms include a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
a large breakfast buffet is offered each morning at the hotel windsor .
free wifi access is available in this holiday park .
a japanese / western breakfast buffet is served .
at shahbaaz group of houseboats you will find a garden and a shared kitchen .
the bathrooms have complimentary toiletries and slippers .
each evening , you can dine in one of the complex ’ s restaurants , where you can enjoy buffet - style meals .
the apartment is 2 km from bolshoi theatre .
midlands inverness cottages is situated in the heart of the midlands meander , 50 km from pietermaritzburg airport .
all rooms offer garden views .
each apartment faces the surrounding mountains and shared garden .
palace jasmine is 15 km from trivandrum international airport .
tivat airport can be reached in 25 km .
it also features an innovative alphasphere .
motel evropa offers pet - friendly accommodation in sychkovo .
at hotel lakend you will find a 24 - hour front desk and a garden .
situated in a 1930 ’ s house in the exclusive providencia neighbourhood , atacama low cost offers hostel rooms with private bathrooms and linen .
country roads motor inn tooleybuc is 400 metres from the tooleybuc sporting club .
this beachside , two bedroom holiday cottage enjoys panoramic sea views , accommodates up to four adults and four kids and includes a furnished terrace .
each room is equipped with a flat - screen tv and tea / coffee making facilities .
guesthouse vellir ’ s allergy - free rooms include a wash basin .
linen and towels are supplied upon arrival .
located off interstate 90 , this cle elum , washington motel serves a daily continental breakfast and features rooms with free wi - fi and a cable tv .
palace inn kingwood is located just off of highway 59 .
cool drinks and cocktails are served at the lounger bar or pool snack bar .
free parking is available .
situated in the puerto del carmen resort , there are many shops , bars and restaurants within walking distance of bungalows velázquez .
guests at ibis guimarães can enjoy a breakfast buffet each morning .
other facilities at house near the sea include a terrace .
the property also offers free parking .
in the surrounding area , guests can go hiking , mountain biking or swimming in the nearby rotlech or heiterwanger lake .
intan mutiara seminyak villa offers a private retreat with a hot tub , library and a private outdoor pool .
it offers a bike rental service and free parking .
the bathroom includes a shower , hairdryer and free toiletries .
pereslavl - zalesskiy is 9 km from the property .
a buffet breakfast is served every morning and front desk is open 24 hours .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
alacati ’ s town centre is 9 km from the hotel .
guests benefit from free wifi and private parking available on site .
it has an extensive spa , indoor swimming pool and a garden overlooking the sea .
yemelyanovo international airport is 32 km from the property .
a pick - up service is available against a surcharge .
it offers a luxurious stay with a private outdoor pool and free wi - fi throughout the building . guests who drive park for free .
situated in nizhnevartovsk , this apartment features free wifi and a balcony .
the rooms also have ironing facilities .
a bus stop with links to trento and milano is 100 metres away .
set in the small village of isaba , on the roncal valley and on the banks of the river esca , pension txiki offers a nice location for outdoor activities in the pyrenees .
the property offers a free shuttle service from union station .
hostel kamorim offers accommodation in arraial do cabo .
a bus , with links to agrigento , stops 300 metres from a chiazza .
roma trastevere is 2 km from short lets monteverde . villa pamphili and the gianicolo are a 20 - minute walk away .
dalian zhoushuizi airport and dalian economic zone are within a 25 - minute drive from the hotel . within 15 minutes ' drive , guests may access zhongshan square and xinghai square .
area activities include fishing , golfing and the hälsingeleden hiking trail , 1 km away .
units are equipped with a flat - screen satellite tv . all units feature a dining area , a terrace and a kitchen equipped with a fridge and stovetop . each unit comes with a private bathroom with a bath or shower and a hairdryer .
some rooms overlook the pool and the mountains .
just a 3 - minute walk from the kusatsu - onsen bus terminal and a 5 - minute walk from yubatake hot spring , yoneyamakan offers its own indoor hot - spring bath as well as in - room japanese meals and yukata robes .
during summer , guests can rent boats or enjoy a swim at the private beach area .
they are air conditioned and equipped with a satellite tv , safe and hairdryer .
times square is 20 minutes ’ journey via the underground station .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out via christi ( 1 km ) and artisan ' s fair ( 1 . 1 km ).
nomo apartments ( zhujiang new city branch ) is a 20 - minute walk from guangzhou tower , a 30 - minute drive from guangzhou railway station .
kacha restaurant serves daily breakfast from 07 : 00 - 10 : 00 and italian cuisine for dinner .
this lodge borders the mosi - oa - tunya national park and guests can spot various animals and bird - life .
offering a hot tub and sauna , as well as a seasonal swimming pool , grand hotel belvedere offers panoramic views of braşov and it is located just 700 metres from the old town .
strategically located in jakarta , around 20 - minute drive from ciputra mall , grand tjokro jakarta offers charming guestrooms and free wifi access throughout .
this modern , functional hotel offers a gym and a sauna .
it includes a living room with large windows , a sofa and flat - screen tv with a dvd player .
tarragona cathedral and its surrrounding old town are 3 km from the hotel , while the number 6 and 54 buses connect guests to the city ’ s amphitheatre in 30 minutes .
guests can enjoy free access to the beach , beach club , tennis court and children ' s playground .
ketapang indah hotel features air - conditioned rooms fitted with a satellite tv , wardrobe and desk with seating area . there is also an electric kettle and a terrace which comes with a view .
residence al lago is just 100 metres from lake trasimeno and 250 metres from castiglione del lago ' s historic centre . the residence features a large garden with swimming pool .
the best western hotel bern features a restaurant with a bar .
a continental breakfast is provided each morning at villa shambhala .
featuring free wifi , b & b villa fiorita offers pet - friendly accommodation in cepagatti .
a children playground is available on site .
the property offers currency exchange and laundry service .
the nearby area offers a wide range of restaurants and pubs .
the property is 1 km from ypsos beach .
the balatonfenyves train station is 800 metres away and it is possible to rent bicycles at famvarga apartmanház .
all rooms have air conditioning and free parking is available .
featuring free wifi , qihang international hotel offers comfy accommodation within 5 km of beijing capital international airport .
salvador ’ s city centre is 35 km away and the bus station can be reached within 15 km .
the garden features sun loungers , and a barbecue area .
white river national forest is 80 miles away from red river inn .
rooms at scala dei turchi resort come with air conditioning , a minibar and free toiletries in the private bathroom .
san lorenzo garni ’ s guests can dine at a special rate at nearby restaurants .
a private bathroom with a shower is provided in all olssons vandrarhem rooms , along with a wardrobe .
grocery shops and restaurants can be found in amboise and tours is only a 30 - minute drive from the property .
the property features views of the mountains is 49 km from playa de palma .
a separate seating area with cable tv is included for guest enjoyment .
restaurants and stores can be found within 30 metres from the krisztina apartmanok .
the thermal spa of terme san filippo is 10 minutes away by car .
all the studios share a fully equipped communal kitchen with coffee and tea making facilities .
centrally located in aarhus , this hostel features a bar , café and rooms with free wifi .
the property offers free parking .
some rooms have a garden - view patio and free wi - fi .
la ferme de l ' hoste offers simply - furnished rooms in a tranquil green setting , on the edge of wavre in the belgian ardennes .
at victoria beach apartment you will find barbecue facilities . other facilities like dry cleaning , an ironing service and laundry facilities are offered .
this property is 2 km from dieppe ferry terminal and 10 km from dieppe pourville golf course .
free wifi is available throughout the property .
apartment for 5 in grands boulevards and opera area is elegantly decorated and located in paris .
accommodation at scandinavian dream includes a private kitchen and bathroom with shower .
the sole - felsen - bad thermal spa in gmünd is 11 km away .
situated in weifang , 800 metres from weifang people ' s park , weifang fuhong business hotel features free wifi access and free private parking .
guests can enjoy traditional cuisine in the auberge de la brévenne restaurant .
guests can also enjoy free wifi , a restaurant and a bar .
it is about 10 minutes ' drive from orosei .
you can relax in the garden after sightseeing .
apart hotel aires del norte is 200 metres from the bus station .
casa de la luz - guesthouse is 250 metres from candelaria church and 100 metres from the house of agustín lara , a famous mexican musician .
bicycle rental is also possible on site , allowing guests to explore the city at their own convenience .
you will find a coffee machine in the room .
just 50 metres from a sandy beach in porto koufo , corali features a garden with a sun terrace and a children ’ s playground . it offers studios that open to a balcony with toroneos gulf views .
this property is just a 10 - minutes ’ walk from the town centre .
located 6 km from batalha golf course , solar do conde guest house is 14 km from são miguel island ’ s ponta delgada airport .
cooled with air conditioning and a fan , rooms feature cable tv , a wardrobe and a minibar .
great connections to central tbilisi are offered from the lev kachinsky street bus stop ( 30 metres away ) and 300 aragveli metro station ( 300 metres away ).
a flat - screen tv with satellite channels is featured . other facilities at peyia valley apartment include a sauna .
the ave high - speed train station , joaquin sorolla , is a 20 - minute walk away .
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
other facilities offered include a tour desk , luggage storage and a laundry .
it features 2 private bathrooms with shower .
a tv is provided in each air - conditioned guest room at this motel .
located in simferopol , prostye veshchi hotel offers free wi - fi .
you can choose from a continental breakfast or a full english breakfast at the best western hôtel continental .
the bright and elegantly decorated apartment dubrovnik euphoria features spacious interiors , free wi - fi and a balcony offering partial views of the sea .
this family - run property offers rooms with mediterranean sea and mountain views and a restaurant serving specialities from ischia island .
hudson river islands state park is 22 . 4 miles away .
featuring free wifi throughout the property , union plaza is located in astana , within a 20 - minute walk of astana arena .
ferienwohnungen doris is located in flattach in the möll valley , 2 km from the centre and 8 km from the mölltal glacier ski area .
private bathrooms also come with a shower .
every room includes a flat - screen tv . all rooms have a private bathroom .
some have a scenic view of the lake .
the guest house offers a terrace , and there is free wifi access available .
you will find a grocery store a short walk away , open every day except saturdays .
at the motel you will find a 24 - hour front desk .
a seating area with a fireplace , sofa bed , and satellite tv is available at seascape costal retreat .
the boutique hotel l ' escale coté port is located just 80 metres from the beach and 300 metres from the centre of l ’ île rousse .
your morning breakfast is full of hot options , making breakfast at comfort inn the perfect way to start your day . enjoy our free hot breakfast featuring eggs , meat , yogurt and fresh fruit , cereal and more , including your choice of hot waffle flavors .
vinohrady apartment by ruterra offers accommodation in prague , 400 metres from prague national museum . the apartment is 700 metres from wenceslas square .
please note that there is no reception , the property will contact guests directly via email at least 24 hours prior to arrival with check - in instructions and access codes .
a selection of salads and local specialties is available .
an oven , a microwave and toaster are also available , as well as a kettle . some units also have a kitchen , equipped with a fridge and stovetop .
the air - conditioned apartments boast an elegant tropical - themed décor , with a balcony and spacious seating area , a modern bathroom and a tv .
the airport and beaches of the city of ilheaus , bahía , are 28 km from the property .
some rooms overlook the sea , while others have a view of the caucasus mountains .
the czech border is just 500 metres away .
situated in the heart of stavanger , clarion hotel stavanger is a 5 - minute walk from kirkegata pedestrian street .
a flat - screen tv and dvd player are offered .
a breakfast , lunch and dinner menu is available , with an emphasis on seasonal game , fish and meat .
extras include towels and linen .
guests can benefit from free wifi throughout the apartment .
surfsand resort offers a driver to surrounding attractions .
villach and klagenfurt are within a 45 - minute drive away by car .
private bathrooms have bath or shower .
a 24 - hour reception is also offered .
a bathroom with a bath and free toiletries come standard .
you can play table tennis at the property , and the area is popular for golfing and hiking .
set in córdoba ' s jewish quarter , 200 metres from cordoba mosque , apartamentos patio cordobes features a terrace and city views . cordoba synagogue is 400 metres away .
casa agua canela is located in quito , just 5 km from the historic centre .
each room here will provide you with a flat - screen satellite tv . private bathroom also comes with a shower .
featuring a fully equipped kitchen and a dining area , this holiday rental is located 20 minutes ’ drive from the walt disney world resort .
each uniquely decorated guest room at the bella ella bed and breakfast has a flat - screen tv and a refrigerator .
each room here will provide you with air conditioning .
gavrio port is at 32 km .
guests can organise day trips at tour desk , or rent a car to explore the surroundings .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out zell am see - kaprun golf course , which is 2 . 4 km away .
bed & kitchen offers a spacious apartment with free wi - fi .
the nearest airport is pulkovo airport , 15 km from apartment on gorohovaya .
the basic rooms have shoji paper screens and a low table .
each aránzazu studio has simple , functional décor and tiled and split - level floors .
the nearest airport is villafranca airport , 10 km from cristina apartment .
the mamayev kurgan memorial complex with the motherland calls statue are 3 metrotram stops from finance - ug hotel .
a toaster , a refrigerator and a stovetop can be found in the kitchen and there is a private bathroom .
the non - smoking alexander has spacious , brightly decorated rooms with satellite tv , work desks , and modern bathrooms .
well connected by public transport , the apartments are just 4 km from old jaffa and 10 minutes ’ drive from hayarkon park .
there is a communal dining room where guests can enjoy a continental breakfast .
a garden surrounds the property and the local thermal baths are within 1 km .
velké losiny spa and the dlouhé stráně reservoir can be found within 5 km .
it features a swimming pool and free wi - fi .
the kitchen includes a hob , microwave and fridge .
the private rooms are equipped with cable tv and a dining area .
free wifi is provided in public areas at the property .
sunset complex is located in kosharitsa , 6 km from sunny beach .
offering a restaurant with daily buffet breakfast , lombok ethnic hotel is located in bandung .
this family - run hotel features modern guest rooms .
shuttle service can be arranged at an additional cost and dubrovnik airport is 23 km away .
s . s . klondike national historic site is 7 minutes ’ drive away .
suites at stannum boutique hotel & spa feature flat - screen cable tvs , minibars , and magnificent city and mountain views .
free wi - fi is featured at apartments on nezavisismosti street .
all rooms at hotel suisse have basic furnishings and come with a private bathroom with a shower .
the cottage complex offers a cafe , restaurant and barbecue facilities .
free private parking is available as well .
simply furnished rooms have wooden floors and a daily breakfast and 4 - course dinner is provided .
located 500 metres from the centre of tsŭrkva village , villa reveri offers rooms with free wifi .
alternatively , guests can visit arima hot springs located an hour ' s bus ride away .
surrounded by countryside , this traditional cantabiran house is located just 4 minutes ’ drive from playa de cuberris beach .
the center of åbenrå is 10 km away . shops and restaurants are available within 200m .
located less than 1 mile off interstate 75 , this ohio hotel boasts an outdoor swimming pool and a hot tub .
the staff of the vieja cuba hotel can help plan visits to quito ’ s most famous sights , including the well preserved unesco world heritage city centre .
free wi - fi access is available in public areas .
a market is reachable within 500 metres .
the individually styled rooms feature a flat - screen tv with a dvd player , tea and coffee making facilities , and an ipod docking station . the en suite bathrooms have a professional hairdryer and complimentary molton brown toiletries .
rooms are fitted with a shared bathroom .
the closest restaurant is 350 metres from the property and a 6 - minute walk will take you to the closest supermarket .
the outer banks inn offers a free transfer service to the beach , located less than 5 minutes ’ drive away .
guests will be 4 minutes ’ walk from la plaza mall and 1 mile from mcallen country club .
in the morning a breakfast buffet is available .
jiaxing olympic hotel is 6 km from jiaxing train station and the city centre .
each has an electric kettle and a private bathroom with a hairdryer and shower .
you can enjoy pool view and garden view from all the rooms .
the property offers free parking .
guests can also make a 120 - minute drive to reach the jr kyoto station .
a shuttle service to / from fiumicino international airport can be arranged on request .
split international airport is 25 km from the sweet dreams accommodation .
it offers an outdoor swimming pool , sun terrace and garden .
set in altea , this holiday home is 3 . 5 km from platja de l ' olla beach .
accommodation is neatly decorated in a neutral style , with wooden floors .
the property also offers grocery delivery .
free wifi in the apartments and free on - site parking are available , as well as free parking on the square nearby .
the bernardine monastery is 2 . 1 km from luxury apartment on oleksandra olesya 25d , while volodymyr ivasyuk monument is 2 . 1 km from the property .
all accommodation at poppys has simple décor , heating , and a lounge with a tv and a sofa .
some rooms also offer a 4 - poster bed with bed curtains .
a gym , free wi - fi and free continental breakfast are included .
each is uniquely decorated with brightly coloured fabrics and modern artwork .
it offers conference facilities and a restaurant .
it has a fully equipped kitchen , a balcony , and a bathroom .
the salzburg - nord motorway exit is only a few minutes ’ drive away .
all rooms at palanga spa design hotel are spacious , each with a seating area and a private balcony .
some also have a garden view , a minibar and a dining area .
mediterranean olympus hotel offers a grand setting for your time in litochoro , combining old world glamour with a modern touch .
guests can enjoy their stay in the fully equipped rooms in an idyllic setting , or in the garden with free barbecue facilities and children ’ s playground .
rooms at the al prato all come with wooden floors and a shared bathroom . the property is 2 . 5 km from padua train station , while venice is 40 km away .
the apartment is 20 minutes ’ drive from brussels airport .
there is a common kitchen with tea , coffee and fresh groceries , where guests are offered self - service breakfast .
the restaurant serves a breakfast buffet in the morning .
colobus conservation is 5 km from diani banda , while kaya kinondo sacred forest is 11 km away .
it lies in the centre of the spa town of nieheim , in the teutoburg countryside .
the lively centre of naousa is a 10 - minute walk away .
melimelo hostel runs a 24 - hour front desk and rents cars and bicycles .
offering a restaurant , borg al eiwan hotel apartment offers self - catering accommodation . free wifi access is available in all areas .
you can also dine in the restaurant ' s winter garden .
offering fly - fishing opportunities , the yellowstone river is 1 mile from this motel .
set in palmse , lahemaa kohvikann offers a garden and terrace .
comfort inn and suites eastgate cincinnati features a heated indoor pool and offers free wifi in every room .
other facilities offered at the property include a tour desk and shops ( on site ).
it offers rooms with free wi - fi access and serves continental breakfast in the morning .
there is an on - site restaurant and bar .
internet access and 24 - hour room service are available .
some dormitory rooms offer bunk beds .
the air - conditioned villa features a terrace . there is a fully equipped kitchen with a microwave and an oven .
the bright rooms at the richky hotel are individually decorated , with a flat - screen tv and a refrigerator .
the kitchens have an oven , fridge and microwave .
every room at this guest house is air conditioned and has a flat - screen tv .
breakfast and other meals are served in the canteen .
there is also a dining area and a kitchenette fitted with a dishwasher and oven . a microwave and toaster are also featured , as well as a coffee machine and a kettle .
rooms are located in the old stables and barns of the farm .
guests enjoy the convenience of in - villa breakfast and on - site laundry service as well as vehicle rentals .
a spa centre with an olympic pool and a sauna can be reached within a 2 - minute walk and guests enjoy discounted access rates .
each room has a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
st . mary ' s basilica is 800 metres from cracow city apartments lubicz , while cloth hall is 900 metres from the property .
at holiday home arcticvej harboøre you will find a sauna and a hot tub .
it is 40 minutes ’ drive from the beaches and islands of the capricorn coast .
free wifi is featured .
the property features modern studios and apartments with free wi - fi and air conditioning .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out gare de nice - ville ( 2 . 0 km ) and old town ( 600 m ). côte d ' azur airport , nice is located 7 km from the property .
guests can enjoy meals and a drink in the hotel terrace or in the lounge .
the air - conditioned rooms offer a flat - screen tv with cable channels , a desk , fan and seating area .
accommodation features free wi - fi , a fully equipped kitchenette and satellite tv .
casaterra also has a terrace and laundry facilities .
offering an outdoor pool , cueva de la alegría is located in huéscar . the accommodation will provide you with a tv and air conditioning .
cesme is 80 km from the property .
a hairdresser and a beauty salon can be found on site as well .
guests can relax in marian house ’ s large sitting room , and make use of the fridge / freezer and free tea and coffee in the kitchen .
other amenities include a sofa seating area and a flat - screen tv . shower facilities are in an en suite bathroom .
at alojamiento temporal guests will find a communal sauna , a shared lounge and a games room .
free private parking is provided on site .
guests can enjoy a continental breakfast each morning and there is free wi - fi throughout the property .
hotel ' s multilingual front desk , located in the main building , is attended 24 hours a day .
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings , including golfing , canoeing and hiking .
shops and restaurants are available in about 1 km .
exposed beams and persian carpets create a cosy atmosphere .
there are washing , drying and ironing facilities in the adjacent block , as well as the deli which serves breakfast .
all rooms have a refrigerator and tea and coffee making facilities .
guests can enjoy the on - site pool , as well as indoor and outdoor hot tubs that are filled with desert hot spring ' s mineral water at aqua soleil mineral water spa and hotel .
rustaveli theatre is 900 metres from nina ' s place , while freedom square is 1 . 5 km from the property .
the black sea coast is a 20 - minute walk away , and free transfer is available .
the centre of namur , featuring the unesco world heritage - listed belfry , is 45 minutes away by car .
residence creux de l ' ours bleu offers accommodation in méribel . table verte is 200 metres from the property .
the rooms are equipped with a private bathroom fitted with a bath or shower .
restaurants , bars and cafes are within walking distance and the old town , with numerous clubs , is less than 1 km away .
drinks and snacks can be purchased from vending machines .
the apartments at the jägerhäusl come with a balcony , a well - equipped kitchenette and a bathroom with a shower . they also feature a tv .
private bathrooms also come with a shower .
homemade cakes , cheese , traditional speck ham and much more is served at the buffet breakfast .
the guests can enjoy refreshing alcoholic and non - alcoholic beverages at the bar .
the property is 700 metres from bijeca sand beach .
hotel kvesheti has a bar and garden .
a supermarket can be found 250 metres from the house and a restaurant is 600 metres away .
you will find free shuttle service at the property .
one of the most modern hotels on the coasts of pieria , the 4 - star danai hotel offers a swimming pool with sun beds and umbrellas , internet corner and a gym & spa room .
an oven and a microwave can be found in the kitchenette and there is a private bathroom .
villa pino is located in fátaga , 7 km from san bartolomé de tirajana and a 40 - minute drive from gran canaria airport .
pale de cz lct house enjoys a great location in busan , just a 2 - minute walk from the popular haeundae beach .
each apartment features bright wooden furniture , a seating area , satellite tv , and a bathroom .
a children ’ s playground and free private parking are available on site .
all rooms at hotel harburger hof include a seating area , fridge , desk telephone and satellite tv .
all units include a seating area .
this small family - run hotel is set in a quiet location , close to the centre but away from the traffic .
free wifi is featured .
a tv is offered .
with a balcony , the air - conditioned suites have a private bathroom with a shower and bidet . they are equipped with a flat - screen tv , electric kettle and hairdryer .
lake drwęckie is 3 km away .
the nearest airport is mactan cebu international airport , 6 . 3 km from the property .
the hotel offers various massage options , for guests to treat themselves to .
rooms provide safety deposit boxes along with desks and seating areas .
dine at the hotel ' s jetty restaurant and enjoy drinks at harbar , the hotel ' s contemporary cocktail bar .
at kaikeo guesthouse guests can find assistance from the staff at the 24 - hour front desk .
an array of mini markets , restaurants and cafes is within 50 metres . the centre of fira is just 1 km away , and island ' s airport is 5 km from the property .
at pension baltaci - starý zámek you will find an airport shuttle , a 24 - hour front desk and a bar .
tanger factory outlets are 17 miles from the motel . the ferry between lewes , delaware and cape may , new jersey is 20 miles away .
a tv with cable channels is offered .
featuring free bike rental , an outdoor pool and garden , agriturismo de santis is located 2 km from castiglioncello .
hajdúszoboszló folk house and museum is 500 metres from janet ' s aparments .
ognyanovo bus station can be found 200 metres away and a 15 - mintute drive will take you to leshten and kovachevitsa .
breakfast at la stua is buffet style and there is also a barbecue in the garden and a number of traditional alpine lounges .
the nearest city , plauen , is in 13 km .
in the heart of istanbul , with breathtaking views of the hagia sophia from its rooftop terrace , hotel nomade provides contemporary accommodation with free wireless internet and buffet breakfast included .
all suites include a microwave , kettle and refrigerator .
hotel quinta del sol has an on - site snack bar .
accommodation provides a tv , air conditioning and a balcony . there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
austrian and international dishes , as well as a wide range of exclusive drinks and cocktails , are served at the barroque .
there are 3 bathrooms with a shower , and towels and bed linen are provided .
they come with a satellite flat - screen tv and free wi - fi .
free parking is available on site .
all of the private bathrooms are fitted with a bathtub .
decorated with baroque - style antiquities and oriental silks , the eat art gallery is 300 metres away from mikulov castle amid the moravian wine region .
traditional english pubs and european - style cafés with terraces can be found amongst the area ’ s beautiful townhouses .
rooms at fern paradise feature lanna architecture and locally made wooden furniture .
free parking is provided on site .
the hostel is 400 metres from barrio santa cruz , 1 km from plaza de españa sevilla and 1 . 3 km from plaza de armas .
the units feature free wifi and private or shared bathroom facilities .
they are equipped with air - conditioning , lockers and shared bathrooms .
guests can enjoy the on - site bar .
the main restaurant serves an american buffet breakfast , lunch buffet with show cooking and a rich buffet dinner with grill show cooking and pizza baked in a wood oven .
agroturystyczny dom wypoczynkowy tatry offers great views and a tranquil tatra mountain location in murzasichle , around 10 kilometres from zakopane .
sveti stefan is 3 . 5 km from rooms rafailovici , while the popular mogren beach is about 5 km from the property .
villa de hura is a 20 - minute drive from orio al serio airport .
munich airport is 43 km away .
the private bathroom comes with a shower .
the emperor ( happy valley ) hotel is a stylish hotel located a 15 - minute drive from the central business district .
lake senba is a 10 - minute drive from the hotel , and mitokairaku - en garden is a 12 - minute drive away .
mount ulriken , the tallest mountain in bergen , is only 100 metres from the hostel .
there are services and facilities suitable to a variety of travellers including classic - style meeting rooms and discounted rates at local golf clubs .
close to the somerset border , black dog farm b & b is 30 - 40 minutes ’ drive from the world heritage sites of bath city centre and stonehenge , and the attractive cathedral city of salisbury .
all rooms include a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
the place where the famous national fair is held is also just moments away .
you will find a comfortable lounge with a flat - screen satellite tv .
there also is a souvenir shop on site .
the sandy beaches of pelekas and mirtiotissa lie within 1 . 5 km and aqualand water park is 2 . 5 km away . ioannis kapodistrias international airport can be reached in 18 km .
a butler service and room service is available 24 - hours a day .
guests of key largo florida – key west inn can relax in the outdoor pool .
kaliningrad is 28 km from eliza inn . the nearest airport is kaliningrad khrabrovo airport , 25 km from elisa inn .
guests staying at the hotel have free use of the sauna , solarium , and fitness facilities at the orange fitness club , just 2 km away
free wifi access is available and guests are served an optional breakfast for an extra fee .
food - tasting tours , car rental and tours can be organised for you , when requested in advance .
bathrooms are private or shared .
rooms are equipped with a wardrobe , a flat - screen tv and towels are provided .
a ski bus stops a 3 - minute walk away and operates every 15 minutes .
the property can accommodate up to 6 persons .
sudak is 26 km from kristal , while feodosiya is 13 km from the property .
located on leshan road , this hotel is a 20 - minute drive to shantou railway station and shantou qishan bus station is a 10 - minute drive away .
a fitness centre is available for guest use at 2b suites by canada suites .
offering a private meeting room , 56 floor apartment is located in ramat gan and provides air - conditioned accommodation with free wifi access .
apartment " october " is a self - catering 5th floor accommodation located in yaroslavl .
there is a seating area and a kitchenette .
box hostel n cafe is located in chiang mai , 300 metres from kad suan kaew shopping centre .
some units feature a seating area and / or balcony .
there is a restaurant area within 200 metres .
the inn also offers bike hire .
all rooms have a shared bathroom .
all have an en suite shower with hairdryer and toiletries .
the en suite bathroom has a bath , shower and free toiletries .
free private parking is possible on site .
some furthermore have a microwave .
rooms at the bergwelt have a tv and a bathroom with a shower and toilet .
the baia caddinas resort lies directly on the beach , connected with a cool garden full of trees offering a shady corner , and a green lawn surrounding the 2 outdoor pools .
a variety of dining options can be reached nearby within walking distance .
barbecue facilities and a meeting room are at guests ’ disposal .
the nearest airport is alicante airport , 67 km from the property .
a flat - screen tv and dvd player are featured .
the property offers free parking .
rooms at the chateau are uniquely decorated with antique furnishings ,.
each also has its own private bathroom with free toiletries .
towels are featured .
the apartment features a tv , sofa and self - catering facilities such as a stove and a fridge .
during summer , the alpbachtal - seeland card is included in the price .
kloster .
guests can use the property ’ s tennis courts free of charge .
all rooms include a kitchen area , coffee machine , private pool and bathroom .
adamas port is at 1 . 5 km , while milos national airport is 2 . 5 km away .
buzios bus station is also 1 km away .
they also include a lounge with a flat - screen tv , a dining area , and a kitchenette with a microwave , fridge and toaster .
the hotel is a 15 - minute drive from sanya railway station . sanya phoenix international aiport is located a 20 - minute drive away . it takes 45 minutes to drive to tianya - haijiao scenic area .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including horse riding .
the city centre and dinant train station are both less than a 10 - minute walk from the accommodation .
some rooms feature a seating area to relax in after a busy day .
it offers free wi - fi in all areas and a free private parking on site .
located in budva , about 1 km from the slavic beach , apartment rozino offers a furnished terrace with barbecue facilities and free wi - fi access .
cold , refreshing drinks are offered at the bar .
there is also a kitchen , equipped with a dishwasher and oven . a refrigerator and coffee machine are also available .
shouxiangyuan restaurant serves the popular hunan cuisine and cantonese dishes .
a fully equipped kitchen with stove , microwave oven and fridge is provided in all units at the dimma seaside houses .
each room at pesa includes ash wooden furniture and parquet floors .
this holiday home is 125 km from toronto pearson international airport .
with private parking on site , the inter hotel hostellerie des pins is a 36 - minute drive from valence . additional features include a swimming pool , shaded park and a bar .
the property offers free parking .
perla marina apartments also includes an outdoor pool . guests can enjoy a drink at the on - site bar .
each room comes with a fridge , a dining area , and a bathroom with a shower .
the apartment is a 15 - minute walk from lyon part - dieu train station .
the bathroom features a shower .
the non - smoking studios and apartments at somerset salcedo makati come with modern interiors and wooden furnishings .
this hotel has free ski storage space and car hire is available .
located just a 2 - minute walk to west lake and truc bach lake , tam hotel offers modern , air - conditioned rooms with free wi - fi .
an evening cocktail hour offers cold drinks and hot food items .
queenstown international airport and the cardrona ski fields are each a 45 - minute drive away .
a ski bus stops at the property and the nearest restaurant is just 20 metres away .
there ' s also a washing machine and a tumble dryer .
a free shuttle service to the beach is provided on site .
some units have a terrace and / or patio with garden views .
you can enjoy city view .
spa facilities at the hotel bernstein include a modern sauna and a relaxation room .
situated in moscow , this air - conditioned apartment is 3 . 9 km from gorky park . the apartment is 4 . 2 km from saint basil ' s cathedral .
each apartment is air - conditioned and features full kitchen facilities , a living room and a flat - screen tv .
villa julia features free wifi .
tiscornia park and the curious kids ' museum are 14 miles away .
the private bathroom comes with a shower , hairdryer , free toiletries and bathrobe .
featuring a terrace with mountain views , rooms come with a tv and work desk .
the nearest bus stop is 150 metres away and turin - cuneo levaldigi airport is 25 minutes away by car .
the bathroom offers a bath , free toiletries and a hairdryer .
casa rural la viña is located in the la rioja region , famous for its wines .
home to boutique shops , high street kensington is less than 20 minutes ' walk from italianflat - earl ' s court .
salou train station is 2 . 5 km from the apartment .
you will find room service at the property .
every room has a private bathroom .
king khalid airport is located 16 km away .
there is a living space with a tv , sofa and dining table , while the kitchenette is equipped with a hob , toaster , microwave and fridge .
located in florianópolis , condominio cruzeiro do sul offers access to a year - round outdoor pool . free wifi is provided .
all offer a kitchenette with 2 cook - tops , a toaster and a fridge .
it is well situated for outdoor activities such as hiking , swimming and horse riding .
featuring a garden , terrace and outdoor swimming pool , villa escocia is located in the residential area of javea , just 5 km from el arenal beach . this property offers bbq and free wi - fi .
in fine weather , you can eat on the terrace overlooking the 400 - m2 garden .
various alcoholic and non - alcoholic drinks are available at the bar .
set on el duque square , hotel duquesa is located in the heart of seville .
all apartments are bright and spacious and offer free access to wi - fi .
each comes with free toiletries and a hairdryer in the private bathroom , while some feature adriatic sea views .
fitted with tiled flooring , air - conditioned rooms include a wardrobe , seating area , a minibar and a tv with cable channels .
the classical hardwicke hall manor hotel has free onsite parking .
some units include a balcony and / or patio with pool views .
holiday home snerlevænget is located in otterup . the property can accommodate up to 4 people .
offering a private outdoor pool with hot tub and free wifi access , the three - bedroom at highlands reserve by watson vacation homes is located in davenport , florida . highlands reserve golf club is located a 1 - minute drive away .
you will find a hairdresser ' s at the property .
this 17th century aristocratic estate lies halfway between pomezia and the castelli romani regional park .
free parking is available .
bbq facilities are provided on site .
huascar historical boat is a 20 - minute car ride away .
punta ballena is 4 km away and glamorous punta del este with its many entertainment venues is 5 km away .
the seminyak city centre is a 10 - minute drive from sunset road sakova villas , while the ngurah rai international airport is 10 km away .
there are two bedrooms with a double bed and one bedroom with two bunk beds .
guests are invited to prepare a home - cooked meal in the apartments ’ fully equipped kitchens , which all include a microwave , refrigerator and stove .
offering a 600 m2 garden with a gazebo , terrace and fruit trees , locanda del buonumore has a peaceful location just outside rome ' s ring road .
situated along the terrassenweg , above the village of grindelwald , chalet bodmisonne offers a fully furnished apartment with a large balcony and beautiful mountain views .
hurtigruten terminal bergen is 1 km from bergen harbour hotel , while aquarium bergen is 1 . 3 km from the property .
guests can enjoy in - house massage services by blind masseurs . there is also access to a roof deck .
enjoy a massage at the spa and wellness centre or stop by the 24 - hour reception .
an airport shuttle can be arranged at an extra charge .
featuring free wifi throughout the property , giulia ' s house of colors is set in bari , 1 km from basilica of saint nicholas .
continental breakfast can be enjoyed daily at the dining area .
the nearest airport is karlovy vary international airport , 4 km from the property .
guests can also enjoy a rejuvenating body treatment at corniche hotel ' s wellness centre .
arturo portal de monegros hotel has a café - bar .
the living room has glass windows which are 10 metres wide and offer a view on the adjacent canal .
guests can practice a range of activities in the area including windsurfing , golf and cycling .
the bathroom comes with a shower and a toilet .
each bright , colourful room at days inn south padre is furnished with a cable tv . a microwave , refrigerator , and coffee machine are available for preparing and storing in - room meals .
drama theatre is a 10 - minute walk away .
private rooms feature en suite bathrooms .
hotel maharani plaza is 3 km from jantar mantar and 3 . 7 km from hawa mahal , two of the city ' s historical monuments .
you can park your car for free on site .
other facilities at san sebastian flat include a games room with table tennis and billiards .
some rooms also offer tea and coffee making facilities and river views .
each has a fully equipped kitchen with stove , microwave and kitchenware .
gîte du myocastor is located in graye - et - charnay , just a 30 - minute drive from lons - le - saunier .
they all have an en suite shower room with free toiletries .
this air - conditioned apartment provides a patio and a flat - screen tv .
the private bathroom comes with a hairdryer .
breakfast can be enjoyed in the cafeteria and tapas is also available .
the guest rooms at the regina are equipped with cable tv and a private bathroom with bath or shower .
holiday home syrenvej skjern i is located in lem and can accommodate up to six persons .
you will find a kettle in the room .
the feixiang park subway station ( line 2 ) is about 10 minutes ' walk away .
scottish inn niagara falls rooms include free wi - fi and cable tv .
air - conditioned rooms at boutique hotel 7 include a tv , minibar and hand - knitted curtains and bed covers .
you can also go hiking , cycling or horse riding on the cistercian or sant jaume walking routes .
baylys beach holiday park also offers quad bike hires .
sunshine hotel fourseasons is located within suzhou industrial park , about 6 km from suzhou yuanqu railway station .
breakfast can be served in the room at guests ’ request .
at holiday villa la joya you will find a garden , bbq facilities and a terrace .
the baymont inn features a 24 - hour indoor pool , 24 - hour on - site gym , and spacious rooms with flat - screen tvs .
the air - conditioned unit is 500 metres from boavista roundabout .
each apartment features a fully equipped kitchen with an oven and a refrigerator .
all units offers a kitchenette with a dining area and a private bathroom featuring a shower or a bath .
each morning a buffet breakfast is served in the dining area .
within 100 metres from the beach in protaras area , architect ' s villa offers an outdoor pool with a sun terrace , and a garden .
the accommodation is equipped with a flat - screen tv , a safety box and a kitchenette with fridge , stovetop and kettle .
fish taverns , restaurants and bars can be found within 150 metres from onar studios .
each room features a complimentary wireless internet access and free local calls .
underfloor heating , built - in wall lamps and tea / coffee making facilities are also provided .
with garden views and air conditioning , each room is equipped with a flat - screen tv . the private bathroom comes with a shower , bidet and hairdryer .
le manoir des deux amants provides tea and coffee sachets and there is a small grocery store on site .
some units feature views of the sea or garden .
it features a spa and wellness centre with hot tub and hammam .
daily maid service is provided for free .
the property has a restaurant , can constans , which specialises in mediterranean cuisine .
the la strea is 5 minutes ' walk from porto cesareo ’ s centre .
extras include a desk .
accepting only citizens from hong kong , macau , taiwan and asia , hippo park youth hostel is located in the heart of lanzhou . the city zoo is located only steps away .
all guest rooms have upscale furnishings , refrigerators , microwaves , coffee makers , hair dryers , irons and ironing boards .
the on - site restaurant serves italian cuisine , typical regional dishes and vegetarian options .
the property is only steps away from old quebec .
located close to the main bus station and surrounded by many shops and cafes , the hotel 18km away from world - famous iguazu falls .
free private parking is available on site at the guest house .
a flat - screen tv with cable channels is available .
cuil - an - daraich guest house has a relaxed home - from - home atmosphere and beautiful views that overlook the river tay .
facilities included in each room are air conditioning , cable tv and safety box .
a bus stop with links to termini train station is only 10 metres away .
an airport shuttle service is available at a surcharge .
la sirenetta offers an apartment with air conditioning and an lcd tv , a 5 - minute walk from alghero historical centre and san giovanni beach . it is less than 1 km from alghero cathedral .
due to its central location , the regina is surrounded by several dining options .
the property offers free parking .
select rooms offer access to a balcony or veranda .
the pool bar serves refreshments and snacks , while 1 of the 2 outdoor swimming pools is dedicated to the children .
šibenik ferry port is at a distance of 10 km . split international airport is 62 km from the labor apartments .
it offers free parking and free wi - fi internet access .
on - site barbecue facilities are available for guests to cook out on .
off the common , park plaza ’ s signature restaurant , offers fresh and locally inspired cuisine .
it offers free wifi in the entire property and free on - site parking .
some have a private balcony with a view of the sea .
makarska bus station is 500 metres from the guesthouse , while the ferry terminal with connections to brač island is about 450 metres away .
kings lynn golf club is 1 . 5 miles away and historical castle rising can be reached in 5 minutes ’ drive .
the beach is only 300 metres away .
bike rental service and local excursions are offered for guests to explore the area .
tourist house has a tour desk that can assist guests with sightseeing activities and travel arrangements .
a continental breakfast is served daily and guests can enjoy afternoon tea or traditional french dishes in the restaurant .
the nearest airport is london gatwick airport , 20 km from the old barn at bolebroke .
the hotel is located in centric miraflores , with easy access to museums , cafes , bars and great shopping experiences .
the apartment features a spacious terrace with panoramic sea views and air conditioning in both the living room and bedroom .
nearby you can engage in various activities , such as cycling .
it is also a 10 - minute drive from the famous neuschwanstein castle .
facilities at hamar guesthouse include a terrace and vending machine with soft drinks .
the property offers free parking .
guests can enjoy a game of ping - pong or billiards , browse the gift shop or use the barbecue facilities .
car hire is available at the property and the area is popular for golfing .
offering a garden with an outdoor pool , estilo cabaña is a self - catering chalet located in mar del plata . the property is 500 metres from the beach and 300 metres from the new modern art museum .
each air - conditioned unit is equipped with a tv , while some also feature a ceiling fan .
it offers free wi - fi in the entire property and is a 20 - minute drive from malioboro street ' s art shops and popular shopping spots .
the bathroom has a shower .
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge and a tour desk .
there is also a storage room for sports equipment , and tools are available .
dry - cleaning and laundry services are available .
restaurants can be found a 10 - minute walk away .
guests of the hotel benefit from a 20 % discount in a restaurant nearby .
offering on - site parking , it is a 20 - minute from mae fah luang - chiang rai international airport .
select rooms feature an en suite bathroom .
freewifi access is available . accommodation will provide you with air conditioning and a seating area .
the private bathroom has a bath or shower .
a continental breakfast is served daily .
the apartment comes with a smart tv .
the village of loutra is 5 km away , while the town of mytilene is at 13 km .
all rooms are individually decorated , boasting attention to details and elegant tiles .
rooms at peters guesthouse have parquet floor and wooden furniture .
a sweet italian breakfast is served in the dining room each morning .
located 500 metres from dsb - mittelstation and 600 metres from gaislachkogelbahn , alpen diamond top 500 can be found right at the ski slopes of sölden .
budva bus station , with frequent links to bečići , is 3 km away .
this family - style boarding house has 8 rooms for a maximum of 22 guests and offers a safe closed parking place for your car .
paid public parking is also available .
city centre rotana doha is the newly opened 5star hotel located in the heart of doha , connected to the city center shopping mall , and mere steps from the new doha exhibition and conference centre .
some are suitable for disabled guests .
club zangador is 600 metres from hotel dabaka , while water slide is 800 metres from the property .
an en suite bathroom with a hairdryer is also offered .
picasso museum is 800 metres from the apartment , while malaga cathedral is 900 metres away .
offering a restaurant , hotel palmacenter offers self - catering accommodation .
this air - conditioned apartment features a bedroom , a seating area and kitchenette equipped with a stove , electric kettle and fridge .
the family - run apostolis studios is located in tsoutsouros village of heraklion , just 100 metres from the beach and within 200 metres from restaurants and mini markets .
free private parking is available on site .
each room has a minibar and a seating area . the attached bathroom comes with a bathtub with whirlpool .
porto azzurro is reachable by car in around 25 minutes .
the property arranges airport transfer service upon request .
the goethe houses a small sauna with a lounge area to unwind .
black cat hostel is 7 km from the botanical garden and 14 . 5 km from the national university .
for guests ' convenience , the property offers chargeable car rental and shuttle service .
set only 9 km from the french border , ca la martina is set 20 minutes ’ drive from figueres , where guests can visit the dalí museum .
other facilities like laundry facilities are offered .
set just 150 metres from piratininga beach and featuring barbecue facilities and a furnished outdoor dining area , casa de praia piratininga is located in niterói .
furthermore , the studio includes cable tv , an equipped kitchenette and a bathroom with a shower . the balcony is fitted with outdoor furniture .
guesthouse inn is 2 miles from union university and 3 miles from old hickory mall and rock a billy hall of fame .
free wifi is offered .
guests can relax by the outdoor swimming pool or in the sauna and hot tub .
facing lamerica shopping centre , this 4 - star hotel is a 15 - minute walk to imigrante museum .
guests have free access to a gym , a sauna and bicycles .
only 100 metres from the nearest beach , nontas apartments offers an outdoor pool with sun loungers and umbrellas .
the apartment has a living room with high ceilings and french doors that lead onto the balcony .
bars , restaurants , night clubs , and water sports facilities can be fount at the the slovenska beach , some 1 . 3 km away .
the self - catering units are located on the ground floor with parking directly outside the front door .
the shocarjen overlooks the river ericht , and offers homely rooms with tea / coffee making facilities , tvs and video players .
each air - conditioned bungalow offers a fully equipped kitchen and garden views .
silvertip golf course is 6 . 4 km from this hostel .
shenzhen bao ' an international airport is 21 km away .
located 3 km from the historic centre of monreale , casa di valentina has a furnished garden .
it is only a 5 - minute drive from flower city square , a 6 - minute drive from canton tower and a 20 - minute drive from canton fair .
shopping at mesa mall is a 10 minute walk from the hotel .
guests can relax in the public baths and sing at the karaoke rooms .
yaremche train station is 35 km away , and ivano - frankivsk airport is 87 km from the hotel .
they all open out onto private balconies with views of the pool .
offering warmly decorated rooms with free wifi , danube hostel is centrally located in belgrade . it lies just 450 metres from belgrade dunav train station .
the 165 art nouveau - style rooms feature high ceilings and large windows , providing lots of daylight .
kuk is located in fanø vesterhavsbad . the accommodation is suitable for eight guests .
start your day in the best way with the full breakfast buffet , unwind with a drink in the relaxing bar .
the staff will readily assist you with arranging excursions and guided tours .
each private bungalow at natura cabana is furnished with a patio and living area .
fertő - hansági national park and the austrian border are 9 km away , and vienna is at the distance of 60 km .
each studio at mini - gîtes des plages du débarquement includes a kitchenette with a fridge , a stove and a microwave .
mymahall residence is 1 . 7 km from kucukyali marina , izmir city centre is 13 . 8 km from the property . izmir adnan menderes airport is 22 . 6 km away .
guests can enjoy discounts at the nearest private sandy beach , just 150 metres away .
certain units have views of the river or city .
the climate controlled rooms include tea and coffee - making facilities and select rooms offer kitchenettes .
enjoying a quiet location and a garden , guest house adriatika is situated in krimovice , 10 km from budva old town . ploce beach is 2 km from the property .
a shuttle service can be booked to take guests to the centre of bad elster , a 10 - minute drive away .
for your comfort , you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer .
there is also an elevator available .
the chestnut room can comfortably seat up to 50 delegates , whilst the lounge affords complete privacy , thus allowing small meetings to be held in a luxurious atmosphere .
you can start the day with an italian - style breakfast , which includes sweet pastries and croissants with hot drinks .
it features a traditional alpine - style bar and restaurant .
canoeing , snorkeling , and fishing are also popular here .
a 2 - minute walk from coakers walk and bryant park , jc woodville manor offers a peaceful retreat in kodaikkanal .
it offers a tour desk , meeting facilities and 2 on - site restaurants .
the bambino gesù hospital is less than 5 minutes ' walk away , while basilica s . paolo metro and train station are a 5 - minute walk from the property with links to rome ’ s centre as well as termini train station .
drinks can be enjoyed at the bar .
at holiday home slåenvænget rudkøbing xii you will find a terrace . other facilities include a swing and sandpit .
some feature a private bathroom with a shower .
rooms here all come equipped with a fan and electric kettle .
all self - catering , the apartments come with a flat - screen tv and either a fully equipped kitchenette or kitchen .
located in paragominas , mavil plaza hotel offers a swimming pool , fitness centre and meeting facilities only 100 metres from the city centre .
buses to the beaches at salobreña and to granada stop in nearby órgiva .
a public computer station with printing services is available , as well as laundry facilities .
other facilities offered at the property include a tour desk and a 4x4 trips .
there are many hiking trails in the area or you can explore the countryside by bicycle .
at domek pod lasem na mazurach you will find a terrace and free private parking .
featuring an on - site restaurant , e - outfitting resort chiang mai is 10 minutes ' drive from saturday walking street shopping precinct .
the famous hobie beach is about 3 minutes of cape flame , while the 18 - hole humewood golf course is a 5 - minute drive away .
featuring a terrace and a hot tub , riad l ' empire is located in marrakech , just 10 minutes ' walk to jemaa el fna .
shops , restaurants and the nearest city , hvide sande , can be found within 5 km and the waterfront is 1 . 1 km away .
each bright and airy cottage at pink sands resorts is equipped with an ipod docking station and guests can borrow an ipod with preloaded songs .
villa arcadio is in salò , on the hills above lake garda .
there is equipped fully equipped kitchenette with fridge and the bathroom comes with a shower .
the city bus station is 2 km while the kushok bakula rimpochhe airport is 3 km away .
during fine weather , the beer garden and sunny terrace are the ideal place to relax .
situated in belgrade city and the st . sava temple reachable within 4 km , cricket apartment offers a self - catered accommodation with an air - conditioning , a terrace and a balcony .
at apartment antonija you will find free shuttle service from train and bus station upon arrival .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer .
the eckotel h1 provides suitable accommodation for guests on a leisure break , longer stay or a business trip .
located 200 metres from the beach of pernera , amadora villa 2 has a private pool and furnished , paved sun terrace .
the hotel also has a café and a bar where you can get a snack or a drink .
oskarshamn city centre is a 5 - minute drive away .
maiskogel cable car is 1 km away .
pontevedra is a 25 - minute drive away .
la candela is located in between segovia , valladolid and avila , and is less than 1 hour by car from each of these cities .
7days inn xi ' an railway station east plaza is located in xi ' an .
the hotel is located just 100 metres from karol bagh market and 6 km from india gate , while red fort and jantar mantar are 5 . 5 km away .
the hotel also provides room service and a 24 - hour front desk .
a 15 - minute drive will take you to burgas and burgas airport .
kadriorg liivaoja apartments offers pet - friendly accommodation in tallinn , 500 metres from kadriorg art museum and 500 metres from kadriorg palace . the unit is 700 metres from kadriorg stadium .
a sweet breakfast including hot and cold drinks , jams , honey , and homemade pastries is provided daily .
lagoon restaurant and bar features a varied menu and overlooks pacific harbour lake .
guests wake up to a rich american breakfast buffet .
surrounded by forest , the gasthof waldluft has peaceful rooms decorated in a traditional , mountain style .
the nearest shops and restaurants are within a 5 - minute walk from the property .
the centre of capannoli is 5 km away .
the nearest airport is vienna international airport , 15 km from wohnung .
the halle - center shopping mall is just a 5 - minute walk away from the mercure halle leipzig .
both the a6 motorway and auxerre are 30 km from the property .
garden villa is 18 . 3 km from the old city at lahore fort .
the resort is just 200 metres from the port and the beach .
the holiday home comes with a patio , 3 bedrooms , satellite tv , a fully equipped kitchenette with dishwasher and coffee machine , a sofa and a bathroom .
the property offers a terrace and bbq - facilities .
igea marina train station is 150 metres from the villa rossi .
this accommodation offers 2 fully equipped houses located in garachico .
free wifi is offered throughout the property and free private parking is available on site .
free parking is provided .
it is 600 metres away from rua santa catarina and via catarina shopping venues . porto international airport is 16 km away from the hotel dom henrique .
this hotel is located in the west of novosibirsk , a 20 - minute drive from the city centre .
the air - conditioned rooms provide free wi - fi .
guests can play table tennis at the kienberghof and make use of a ski storage room with a ski boot dryer .
guests receive a ticket for free use of all public transport in lausanne .
a cable tv is offered in each simply furnished guest room at fun city motel .
free parking is available on site at the hotel strengliner mühle .
you can walk through the vrachelse heath or cycle the historic oosterhout route . and cycle along oosterhouts heritage .
each has a flat - screen satellite tv .
chattanooga city centre is less than 15 minutes ’ drive away .
the hostel will provide you with air conditioning and heating facilities .
the apartment features 2 bedrooms , wooden furniture , a kitchen , a flat - screen tv , and a bathroom .
a tour desk offers various tours options .
the environmentally sustainable pestana rio atlantica is conveniently situated 8 km from santos dumont airport , and 20 km from galeao airport .
guests of the club didyma can enjoy a variety of activities , including billiards , table tennis and darts .
room service is available 24 / 7 .
a terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms .
the property also offers a shared lounge and a garden , together with a small holding with ponies , alpacas , geese , ducks and chickens .
the hotel ’ s restaurant has three rooms , one of which has a fireplace . it specialises in regional dishes .
u růžičků is surrounded by a garden which includes a barbecue .
breakfast , lunch and dinner are available upon request .
guests can use a common seating area with kitchenette and the house also has a garden with barbecue facilities .
air conditioning and heating are provided in all accommodations .
there is also a free shuttle service to valloire centre every 15 minutes .
međugorje is 47 km from the property .
the senales valley slopes of the merano 2000 ski area are about 3 km away . lagundo train station is 400 metres from the plonerhof .
ronnie ' s restaurant on the hotel premises , provides well - priced and fresh home - style breakfast , lunch , dinner and other menu options .
there is a shared kitchen at the property .
it takes 20 minutes by taxi to taiyuan railway station . taiyuan wusu international airport is about 30 minutes ’ drive away .
close to the cavado river and near the serra do geres , this hotel offers guests an intriguing location ideal for business and leisure trips .
a microwave , refrigerator and ironing facilities are also provided in all rooms .
all rooms offer a private bathroom .
rooms are tastefully furnished and bright .
both bathrooms on the property are equipped with hot water and showers , a six person whirlpool tub is also available .
a sweet and savoury breakfast is served at the kristall ' s bar each morning .
cafes and shops are a 5 - minute walk from kvart hotel smolensk .
senai airport is about 30 km away .
this hotel is located at the entrance of chartres , just on the n10 motorway . it is a 5 - minute drive from the city centre and the famous chartres cathedral , and offers free wi - fi .
luxurious and elegant , mandarin oriental jakarta offers 5 - star accommodation with 42 - inch flat - screen tv and ipod docks .
ravensburg is 9 km away from the property and friedrichshafen is 12 km away .
each room here is air - conditioned and includes a desk , safety - deposit box and a satellite tv .
rainbow guest house has a garden and covered barbecue area .
right on the banks of iskar dam , kamelot hotel is a 20 - minute drive both from samokov and pasarel .
in summer , guests can dine outdoors at kookaburra marina bar & restaurant .
rooms at pousada do marquês have tasteful white interiors with colourful oil paintings .
set against the scenic blue mountains , quality inn & suites walla walla features an indoor swimming pool and rooms with refrigerators .
the property also has a business centre and a tour desk that can assist with business and travel arrangements .
the private bathroom comes with a bath or shower .
tbilisi bus station is 100 metres from property , and tbilisi train station is 500 m away , tbilisi international airport is 13 minutes drive from nitsa hotel .
parking at the property is free .
beauty treatments are available .
guests can prepare their own meals or order room service from the on - site coffee shop .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including billiards .
set in a restored 14th - century building , this hotel offers a spa with a steam bath and sensation showers for an extra cost .
only a 10 - minute walk from the famous chunxi road , ziyou ren boutique apartment features apartments with free wi - fi and a private kitchenette .
offering a communal pool , the stone - built villa margarites are set at a mountain slope . located 6 km from krousonas village of crete , they feature fully equipped units with fireplace and a balcony with mountain and pool views .
the shared bathroom features a bathtub , free toiletries and dark blue tiles .
grand case bay is 6 km from the blue bay beach hotel , while marigot is 10 km away .
the guest house also offers bike hire .
set 7 km from solnechny rai in voronezh , this apartment features free wifi .
a bath and a shower are fitted in the bathroom .
a supermarket , a restaurant and a bar are 600 metres away .
a library is also available .
meeting facilities are available on site .
all rooms include a private bathroom with shower .
mont sutton and mont bromont , about 20 km away , are popular ski destinations .
yuronga hotel is situated close to the kilemarsky nature reserve where you can explore a beautiful forest .
rooms at d ’ presidente are equipped with air - conditioning , a seating area , a flat - screen tv with cable channels , a minibar and tea / coffee making facilities .
rooms near the sea is set in odessa , 7 km from odessa theatre of opera and ballet . odessa archaeological museum is 7 km from the property .
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
relax by the complexs outdoor swimming pool , and take a dip to cool off in the warm sunshine .
set in historical xitang ancient town , j hotel resort features contemporary décor and offers a tranquil environment with a garden and a sun terrace for guests to relax in .
this apartment is located in a quiet residential district of gyula , 2 km from the train station and 2 . 5 km from gyula castle and the thermal baths .
each room here will provide you with a tv , air conditioning and a seating area .
they have full kitchens with microwaves and refrigerators .
with bright rooms , the rustic - style house features a living room with flat - screen tv and fireplace .
free wi - fi is provided throughout the property .
these studios and apartments can accommodate between 1 and 3 guests .
jeanette kawas national park is just 12 km from the property , and guests can also visit the lancetilla botanical gardens , situated less than 5 km from hotel maya vista .
a spa centre is also available for pampering massages .
they also are equipped with air - conditioning and central heating .
it includes a cretan tavern with courtyard and 2 private on - site parking spaces .
thanapa apartment is a 15 - minute drive from ladprao mrt subway station .
from ses arenes country house , guests can visit the ses salines lighthouse , 2 . 5 km away .
at holiday home ildervej hemmet denmark you will find barbecue facilities and a terrace .
the self - catering studio comes with country - style décor and includes a lounge area with satellite tv and ipod docking station . there is a fully - equipped kitchen with dishwasher .
massage is available .
the museum of fine arts and the smak museum are 4 km .
the resort is 10 km from saint - raphaël and 43 km from saint - tropez .
there is also a shared lounge , a snack bar , and a children ' s playground .
the apartments at surf apartment are simply decorated and include both air conditioning and heating . each is furnished with tiled floors and boasts a living room , a kitchen with a sea view and a balcony with a mountain view .
it offers , a shared kitchen and tropical gardens .
there is a 24 - hour front desk and a at the property .
hotel nusa dua is modernly decorated and fitted with air conditioning , a flat - screen satellite tv , and a safety deposit box .
vancouver convention centre and burrard skytrain station are both just over 1 km from riviera on robson suites aparthotel downtown vancouver .
vörösmarty tér metro station is a 5 - minute walk away . this station offers easy access to budapest ’ s main tourist attractions .
the unit is fitted with a kitchenette .
you can enjoy mediterranean cuisine at the restaurant , which provides a buffet as well as an à la carte menu .
sheraton bratislava hotel is located on the banks of the danube river , inviting you to take relaxing strolls along its banks . the hotel is situated within the modern eurovea centre with over 200 shops .
berghoteltirol also has a children ’ s playroom and a billiard table .
free wi - fi access is available in each unit .
emanuela hotel is 2 km from rimini train station and 3 km from the fiabilandia theme park .
a shared kitchen and lounge area are available .
each room at b & b casa delle rose has an lcd tv , air conditioning and a view of the building ' s private garden .
red fort is 6 . 2 km from swisston inn , while feroz shah kotla cricket stadium is 3 . 6 km away .
fitted with a shower , the bathroom in each room also includes a shower and free toiletries .
you can enjoy the pool views from within .
within 1 . 9 km from the property , you will find museu de portimão and tempo - teatro municipal de portimão .
it is only a 5 - minute drive from zhengzhou high speed railway station .
holiday home lososinnoye has a direct access to ski routes .
vigo and pontevedra can be reached in around an hour .
myrtle beach state park is 9 minutes ’ drive from the sandpebble property .
the rooms have a hair dryer in the bathroom .
with a 24 - hour front desk , this hotel is 120 metres from gare du nord metro station .
the apartment features 2 separate bedrooms and a kitchen with a dining area .
the accommodation is located 600 metres from panorama racławicka . wrocław główny railway station is located within 1 , 2 km .
you will find a tour desk at the property .
the hotel restaurant serves both local romanian and international dishes .
huishang hotel is a 6 - minute drive from tunxi old street and a 15 - minute drive from huangshan airport .
furnished in touches of traditional chinese decor , air - conditioned rooms are fitted with a flat - screen tv , tea / coffee - making facilities and free toiletries .
the middletown days inn is 5 - miles from the orange county fairgrounds and racetrack .
it offers spa facilities , indoor pool and traditional frisian cuisine .
it offers easy access to afonso pena international airport , 18 km away .
ceasars creek lake state park is 11 miles away .
corfu town and port are located 4 . 5 km from the property , while ioannis kapodistrias airport is at a distance of 3 . 5 km .
the club is ideal for events , parties , gatherings and even beach weddings .
some rooms enjoy lake views while others overlook the garden .
delacruz is located in marsaskala , 500 metres from the seafront .
most rooms feature access to shared bathroom facilities and some a private bathroom fitted with a shower .
free wired internet is available in public areas .
there is also a playground at your disposal , as well as a sauna available at extra charge .
the scenic corfu town is 12 km away and ioannis kapodistrias international airport is 13 km away .
there is a dining area and a kitchenette .
each room has a private bathroom equipped with a bath , free toiletries , towels and a hairdryer .
offering a restaurant that serves indian and chinese delights , tranquillity beach resort is located just opposite the mālgund beach . the popular ganpatipule temple is 4 km from the property .
the lift to narvikfjellet mountain , with skiing opportunities in the winter , is located 750 metres from the hotel .
they can be interior or street - facing .
free private parking is possible on site .
juan oeste casa en la costa offers pet - friendly accommodation in los dolses , 32 km from murcia and 9 km from torrevieja .
the light - flooded apartment comes with wooden floors and dark stone tiles .
grocers and shops can be found within a walking distance .
kiev central railway station is 6 km . zhuliany international airport is 13 km from discoverkiev apartments at independence square .
enjoy the beachfront location and extensive facilities of this 4 - star hotel , located overlooking san lorenzo beach in the charming former fishing village of cala millor .
tennis , bowling and table tennis can enjoyed for an extra fee . other surcharge services include an airport shuttle , ironing service and laundry .
there is also an electric kettle .
3 underground lines and the cat ( city airport train ) are close by .
batumi international airport is 5 km away .
set 5 minutes ’ drive from calella and llafranc beaches in the costa brava , hostal plaja is located in palafrugell .
air - conditioned rooms at the lolly b & b all come with a flat - screen tv , desk and private bathroom with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
located opposite cochin shipyard , harbour view residency offers air - conditioned rooms with sweeping views of the harbour . its modern facilities include 3 dining options , a 24 - hour front desk and free parking .
featuring a shower , shared bathrooms also come with a bath and slippers .
free wi - fi access is available in the entire property , while bicycles can be rented at no charge .
appartement ca200 in cannes is located just 500 metres from the beach and features a terrace and garden .
each room here will provide you with air conditioning and heating .
rooms at the hampton inn carlisle are equipped with a 27 - inch flat - screen tv with in - room movies and free wi - fi .
set in a farm among rural surroundings , stone farm is a family - run hostel offering accommodation in typical stone houses .
havnevej rømø vi is a six person apartment located in rømø kirkeby .
flat maria monteiro is a self - catering accommodation located in tiradentes with free wifi and free parking . the property is 1 . 3 km from tiradentes bus station and 1 km from aymores field .
venice marco polo airport is located 7 km away .
a laundry service is available and the hotel has a games room .
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings , including golfing , snorkeling and windsurfing .
featuring free wifi and a sun terrace , gazdovský dvor offers pet - friendly accommodation in bešeňová , 1 km from gino paradise bešeňová . guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant and bar .
the hostel is a former victorian courthouse that has been updated with bold and colourful interior design .
piso en los olivos is an apartment situated in adeje , 5 km from aqualand . the unit is 3 . 3 km from plaza del duque shopping centre .
featuring a bath tub or shower , private bathrooms come with a bathrobe .
this holiday home at villa giuseppe will provide you with a seating area , an equipped kitchenette and a washing machine .
other recreational facilities include an outdoor pool , gym and tennis courts .
the renowned portimão museum is 1 . 5 km away from the property .
bed linen and towels are provided , and free wifi is available .
angkor international airport is 8 km away .
activities such as scuba diving , snorkelling and sport fishing can be arranged .
wifi access is available in the apartment , free of charge for guests .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
an italian restaurant is located on site .
breakfast is a varied buffet .
the on - site pub features roaring log fires and serves seasonal food and drink .
a full buffet breakfast is provided and can even be enjoyed on the garden terrace during warm weather .
this hotel offers 5 - star accommodation , varied dining options and a wellness centre with whirlpool , gym , sauna , squash court , massages and beauty treatments in the heart of santiago .
tea and coffee making facilities are also included .
the cottage is 10 - minute drive from table mountain and camps bay city centre , which is filled with trendy bars and restaurants .
there is a kitchenette with a toaster , refrigerator and an electric kettle . private bathroom comes with a shower and a hairdryer .
guests enjoy a fully equipped kitchen and a terrace with scenic views .
accommodation will provide you with a tv , a seating area and satellite channels .
the rooms include a desk as well as a flat - screen tv .
featuring a balcony , all units are air conditioned and feature a seating and dining area . there is also a kitchen , fitted with an oven . a microwave and coffee machine are also featured .
bad gastein train station is set 2 . 1 km away .
wifi access is available .
offering panoramic views over mount ziria and the corinthian gulf , it features stylish accommodation with fireplaces with free logs and 32 - inch lcds .
at jet luxury @ the trump soho you will find a restaurant and a fitness centre other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities , a tour desk and luggage storage .
magpie villa is located in jaipur . it is 2 km from jaipur junction railway station and local bus station .
private bathrooms also come with a shower .
bus stop the nearest airport is riga international airport , 60 km from the property .
national theatre of opera and ballet can be found within 1 . 5 km .
breakfast is served every morning and it is also possible to stage events at the restaurant on site .
free wifi is provided .
each air - conditioned apartment includes a balcony and seating area with sofas .
the property offers free parking .
ipoh apartment features beautifully furnished accommodation about 6 km from ipoh ’ s city centre .
ferienwohnung agerblick is a holiday home set in lenzing , 46 km from salzburg and 70 km from linz . guests benefit from balcony and a terrace .
holiday inn resort kandooma is a 40 - minute speedboat ride from malé international airport .
extras include slippers and free toiletries .
the unesco - protected historic town of kotor is 24 km away from the apartment .
colourful and bright , all rooms come with free wired internet and beautiful sea views .
spa facilities at hotel zinnkrügl include several types of sauna , a herbal steam bath , a turkish steam bath , a wooden sauna with a tiled stove , and a modern fitness room .
cable tv is provided in all rooms at the north lake estates rv resort .
westend s - bahn ( city rail ) station is just a 4 - minute walk from the apartment - westend .
the hotel also offers car hire .
the nearest airport is florence airport , 24 km from villa in greve iii .
offering a restaurant , riad noujoum medina is located in fès .
the private bathroom includes a shower .
they feature en suite facilities , a tv and a telephone and provide a cosy living space for your stay .
motel lynton lodge is a 2 - minute walk from christ church cathedral and a 10 - minute drive from the tahunanui beach .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
featuring a shower , the private bathrooms also come with a bath .
home to pets and farm animals , the b & b has a 10000 - m2 garden crossed by a small river .
guests enjoy reduced price entry to lippstadt golf club ( 14 km ) and paderborner land golf clubs ( 25 km ).
luxury fashion suites is only 400 metres from rome ’ s piazza di spagna and spagna metro station .
featuring free wifi throughout the property , hostal alameda offers accommodation in santiago , 5 km from costanera center .
a flat - screen tv is available .
the mh tiptop landhotel hütter offers guests free parking and complimentary internet access .
niriides studios is situated 38 km from the city of rethymnon and 40 km from heraklion .
free wi - fi is available in the entire hotel .
the rooms are decorated in classic style and are all air - conditioned .
the marble bathrooms include upscale amenities like automatic toilet seat ,
located in dominicus beach , casa marisa al castillo offers an apartment with a terrace , a fully equipped kitchen and a washing machine .
the rooms come with a private bathroom .
the tour desk can assist with sightseeing excursions and travel preparations , while activities such as fishing , rafting and trekking can also be arranged .
wi - fi and parking are available for free .
a well - tended and spacious garden surrounds the property .
guests can also request for laundry and dry cleaning services .
free toiletries and a hairdryer are available in a bathroom .
stavanger station is within 10 minutes ’ walk .
the private bathroom comes with a shower .
the museumsquartier metro stop is 200 metres away .
a 20 - minute drive from jr akama train station , the route - inn wakamiya inter features a soothing hot public bath , a restaurant and rooms with wired internet access .
before retiring to your room , treat yourself to an exotic cocktail or a cold beer in the stylish bar .
european specialities are served in the restaurant , and a buffet breakfast is provided each morning .
the kitchen is equipped with an oven , a microwave and a dishwasher .
set 150 metres from the beach in milano marittima , hotel michelangelo is surrounded by a garden and the mediterranean vegetation .
the hotel staff can assist with arranging car hire and airport shuttles can be organised at an additional charge .
they are also equipped with air conditioning , a satellite flat - screen tv , and private bathroom with a shower .
free internet access is also available at the hotel ' s internet point in the lobby .
rooms will have either a shared or private bathroom .
all rooms are air - conditioned and include a tv , refrigerator and private bathroom .
restaurants , shops , a mini - golf course , the zernez train station and cross country ski trails are all within 300 metres .
the nearest airport is newcastle international airport , 63 km from northaven .
the private bathroom includes a shower and hairdryer .
at indonesian homestay you will find an airport shuttle , a 24 - hour front desk and a garden .
just a short walk away , guests can also find a super market , where they can buy their daily necessities .
rooms at the hotel du lac are elegantly designed with contemporary furnishings . rooms include cable tv , a microwave and air conditioning .
a flat - screen tv is provided .
at chayka you will find a 24 - hour front desk .
the newly built common kitchenette includes a fridge , microwave and electric kettle .
there is a kitchen with a microwave and an oven , while the shared or private bathroom comes with a bath tub or shower .
all rooms at the télécabine feature a private bathroom with free toiletries and mountain views .
free wi - fi is available in the public area .
kenting ' s main street , offering several restaurants is 15 minutes ' drive away .
prestige hotel center has a 24 - hour front desk and offers guided city tours in several languages .
the nearest airport is maharana pratap airport , 21 km from brahma niwas .
within 10 km from the city centre of addis ababa , crown hotel features a restaurant , bar and 24 - hour front desk .
for dining option , guests can explore the surrounding area where various restaurants can be found just a 5 - minute walk away .
guests can enjoy local dishes at the restaurants located around the property .
the ancient town of korčula and its ferry port are 15 minutes ' drive from the property .
known for its beautiful colonial buildings , the historic centre of mérida is a 20 - minute drive from the hotel .
apartments and rooms at the adonis hauts de honfleur has a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
other facilities offered include a shared lounge and a games room .
you can relax in the property ’ s garden or rent a bike for free and explore the surroundings .
all the air - conditioned apartments at partner guest house include modern décor and a flat - screen tv .
every room includes a flat - screen tv with cable channels and dvd player .
chalet moos offers a self - catering accommodation with a terrace and mountain views , housed in a traditional wooden chalet and located in randa , 10 km from zermatt .
cordoba airport and la cumbrecita are both 80 km away .
it is located across serra verde train station , a 15 - minute drive from the botanical garden and downtown .
free parking for cars , large vehicles and trailers is available .
featuring a bath , private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer .
pinto martins airport is located 7 km away .
just 300 metres from the sbb basel railway station ( exit gundeldingen ), ymca hostel offers budget accommodation just a 15 - minute walk from basel ' s city centre .
food is served every day at the white horse , with homemade pies , sandwiches , jacket potatoes and traditional favourites featuring on the menu .
travel arrangements and ticket purchases can be made at the tour desk .
in addition , the hosts offer shiatsu and massages upon request ( charges are applicable ).
all units are air conditioned and include a tv .
the bar offers bio fair trade coffee .
the tour desk can arrange for fun diving , diving courses and snorkelling , while the concierge service can provide free luggage storage .
the property can help you organise tours to alacati , cesme , kusadasi , ephesus and pamukkale .
the bed and breakfast is 400 metres from the beguinage and 800 metres from bruges train station .
tbilisi international airport is 78 km away .
the nearest airport is anapa airport , 12 km from rooms on ulitsa terskaya .
each luxurious room has a balcony , tv and a spacious bathroom .
denizli city centre is 28 . 5 km away .
heating facilities are available in all rooms .
the apartment will provide you with a flat - screen tv , and a seating area .
you will find luggage storage space at the property .
simple indonesian breakfast will be served in the room .
appartamento vista mare is a self - catering accommodation located in cefalù , 600 metres from the historical centre .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
lappeenranta airport is a 30 - minute drive away and nuijamaa border crossing point ( russia ) is a 50 - minute drive away .
set right by florence ' s piazza della signoria , in a historical building , olga ' s house offers modern furnished rooms with free wifi .
some boast aegean sea views .
set 450 metres from the royal palace and almudena cathedral , apartamentos madrid centro w is located in madrid city centre .
the kitchen area is equipped with an oven , while a washing machine is included in one of the bathrooms .
fitted with wood floors , the cosy apartment will provide you with a flat - screen tv , air conditioning , washing machine and a private bathroom .
all apartments are feature a fully equipped kitchen with dining area and a private bathroom with shower .
the rába quelle thermal bath in győr is 14 km away .
the warsaw chopin airport is 25 km away .
the air - conditioned accommodation at kalamonas consists of 2 or 3 bedrooms , a living room and a dining area .
forest park is a 20 - minute drive away .
guests of denver tech center la quinta inn & suites can enjoy a workout in the hotel fitness centre .
the property offers free parking .
guests can enjoy a breakfast , which is offered daily in the breakfast room .
the patio also comes with sun loungers and an outdoor dining area .
the gaudia restaurant serves romagna cuisine and offers fish , meat or vegetarian options .
all apartments have a kitchen , equipped with a dishwasher , fridge and washing machine .
the property has a garden , a large terrace overlooking lake millstätter , deck chairs , a ski storage room and a children ’ s playground .
car hire can be booked at the 24 - hour reception , and the nearest typical cappadocia cave house is a 20 - minute drive from dinler hotels nevsehir .
the rokn ’ s front desk is available 24 hours a day and can provide information about activities in the area .
itaewon hostel is situated a 5 - minute walk from itaewon special tourist zone and itaewon station line 6 .
sugandh retreat restaurant serves multi - cuisine dishes .
rooms here will provide you with a tv , a seating area and satellite channels . featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with free toiletries .
jeju international airport is only 3 km away .
the à la carte restaurant serves a selection of traditional turkish dishes and international cuisine for breakfast , lunch and dinner .
the rooms here will provide you with a flat - screen tv . private bathrooms come with a shower , and the room also includes a desk and a fan .
the hotel features a rooftop bar open tuesdays through saturdays with a variety of cocktails . 6 columbus guests can dine at the blue ribbon restaurant and bar , which features sushi and drinks .
breakfast and starbucks coffee are available each morning at the bistro .
this country inn provides a tranquil getaway in the franconian town of uffenheim , in the heart of the fränkisches weinland wine - growing district .
st - annes - on - sea railway station is just 0 . 5 miles from the hollingworth , while manchester airport can be reached in just over an hour by car .
you can ask for tips on the highlights of the city at the tour desk , and the property can also assist you in hiring a car .
light décor with neutral tones adds an elegant touch to the accommodation at b - aparthotel grand place .
the inn offers a sea - facing tavern .
each one also has satellite tv , a refrigerator and a private bathroom .
a shower stall can be found in the bathroom attached .
stārķis is a detached holiday home featuring a garden with a barbecue , located 6 km from daugavpils in the latgale region . it features a number of spa facilities at extra charge , including sauna , therapeutic massage , clay wraps , also with essential oils and herbs , face and body masks using natural ingredients , bathing massage and massage cupping .
yevpatoriya train station is 2 . 2 km away , and simferopol international airport is 62 . 5 km from zolotoi linkor guest house .
the property is situated in a convenient location close to attractions such as blue mosque and hagia sophia .
the modern interiors of reis inn hotel kazdaglari make use of natural local stone and recycled paper .
guests can dine on the terrace or relax in the hotel gardens .
every room at this guest house is air conditioned and is equipped with a flat - screen tv . some rooms feature a seating area where you can relax .
special menus can also be arranged .
featuring a balcony with a sea view , this apartment also has a cable tv with a dvd player .
the nearest airport from hai xing sha service apartment is bao ' an airport , 50 km away .
guests take coffee and cake during the day .
the self - catered apartment comes with a flat - screen tv with cable channels , a well - equipped kitchenette and designated dining and seating areas .
rooms are bright and spacious and decorated in a classic alpine style .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including golfing , cycling and fishing .
the accommodation has a flat - screen tv and dvd player .
the continental breakfast includes pastries and hot drinks .
flamingo international airport is just 1 km away .
dar es salaam harbour , with ferries to zanzibar , is 5 km from hotel new rolet .
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge , a ticket service and a tour desk .
there is also a supermarket within 5 minutes ́ drive .
there are 4 bars , one of which is a swim - up bar .
there is a fully equipped kitchen with an oven and a refrigerator . featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer .
a microwave , refrigerator and coffee facilities are provided in each room at the hinton holiday inn . the rooms feature wood furniture and a work desk .
holiday home fyrmarken hvide sande iii is located in hvide sande .
with air conditioning and free wi - fi , each apartment is equipped with a tv and a kitchenette with oven , microwave and refrigerator .
for other meals , guests can enjoy regional cuisine here .
the rooms have a rustic style , tiled floors , and a tv .
private parking spaces are available on site for surcharge .
it is 10 metres from a bus stop with links to bergamo ’ s centre , the train station , and bergamo alta new city centre .
some rooms offer views of the garden .
a buffet breakfast is available daily consisting of sweet and savoury products such as cakes , croissant , cold meats and cheese .
for meals , enjoy delicious thai cuisine served at lanta naraya resort .
city 1 prestige is situated in the south - western section of sunny beach , just 1 . 5 km from the resort ’ s centre and a 12 - minute walk away from cacao beach .
free , private parking is provided at the chalet de la source , and cluzes train station is 18 km away .
located 8 km from church of the savior on spilled blood and 8 km from state russian museum , apartment butlerova 9 bldg 2 offers accommodation in saint petersburg .
free wi - fi and an on - site fitness centre are also available .
the nearest metro station is sevilla , only 190 metres away .
malaya rossiya apartments also includes a terrace .
featuring a garden , an outdoor swimming pool , and a restaurant , casa d ' campo tababela hotel boutique offers free wi - fi and american breakfast .
guest house naira is only 1 km from gelendzhik airport .
they feature a seating area and an en suite bathroom .
take advantage of the hotel ' s meeting rooms , bar , internet point and 24 - hour room service .
shower facilities are in an en suite bathroom .
the golden tulip ’ s restaurant serves international and bahian cuisine .
step out , you would find a range of dining places nearby .
free wi - fi and breakfast are included .
located just 2 km away from the vagator beach , orritel village square features an outdoor swimming pool and a restaurant . guests can enjoy poolside views from the comfort of their rooms .
guests can cook in the kitchen , equipped with fridge , stove , dishwasher , toaster , electric kettle and microwave , or eat out in the cafés and restaurants nearby .
a washing machine and tumble dryer are provided . this fort myers lake mcgregor townhouse also offers ironing facilities .
finca es figueral is a detached holiday home located in algaida and featuring a garden with an outdoor pool .
atlantis club resort ’ s restaurant serves local and international cuisine indoors or on the terrace .
the restaurant serves fresh seafood dishes and a variety of cocktails .
the bathroom comes with a wc , bathtub and hairdryer .
the nearest airport is malpensa airport , 84 km from the villa victoria .
villa margarita also includes an outdoor pool .
beni relax features three bedrooms and a kitchen with a microwave and an oven . there is also a seating area with cable tv .
all guest bedrooms at courtyard san diego solana beach / del mar are equipped with satellite tv , a refrigerator and a microwave .
the modern kitchen has a washing machine , oven and hob and the bathrooms include spa showers .
some local alcoholic or non - alcoholic drinks are offered free of charge at the lobby bar .
featuring a hot - water shower , private bathroom also comes with free toiletries .
it features a hearty breakfast and individually decorated rooms with free wi - fi .
apartment malá strana is set in prague , 600 metres from charles bridge .
offering an indoor pool , best western mountaineer inn morgantown is located in morgantown .
you can enjoy lake and mountain views from the room .
the schlick2000 ski resort is 5 km away , while the stubaier gletscher ski resort is 18 km from the property .
local bus stops 500 metres from the villa , while a railway station and a ferry port can be found in zadar , 13 km away .
the living room comes with a flat - screen tv with satellite channels and sofas .
a selection of activities are offered in the area , such as cycling , fishing and canoeing .
dalescroft offers bed and breakfast accommodation , each morning serving a full english breakfast in a charming building .
the shopping street of corso buenos aires is 800 metres from the property .
the property also has a bar .
aufenthalt im herzen von wien is an apartment situated in vienna , 200 metres from albertina museum . the unit is 300 metres from hofburg .
guests can take a shower in the private bathroom .
the panzió pergola also offers an opportunity to organise shuttle service upon request .
situated on peaceful 10 acres , absolute waterfront offers direct access to swan bay , with beautiful views out to queenscliff from your private terrace .
daily maid service is provided .
cherry capital airport is 4 km away .
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven .
the property offers an open and covered terrace and can accommodate up to 4 persons .
half - board includes a breakfast buffet and dinner with a choice of meals , a salad buffet , and seasonal themed evenings . an afternoon cake buffet ( daily in winter , weekly in summer ) is also included .
some of the rooms have a balcony .
it includes a living room with a seating area and satellite tv , as well as a kitchen , two balconies and a bathroom with a shower .
for your comfort , you will find bath robes , slippers and free toiletries .
a typical italian breakfast is offered daily . it includes hot drinks , croissants and pastries .
views of the surrounding mountains can be enjoyed from the accommodation .
apart vg also includes a spa centre and hot tub .
it is a short drive to the historic cities of würzburg ( 35 km ) and bamberg ( 50 km ).
the kitchen comes with a washing machine , stove and microwave .
a flat - screen tv with cable channels , as well as a cd player are offered . you will find a coffee machine in the room .
universitat apartments is 15 km from barcelona el prat airport .
the homestay also offers car hire .
offering a barbecue and views of the lake , russkoe podvorie is located in borovsk .
capodichino airport is 29 km away .
free public parking is available near the hostel .
dusseldorf international airport is 8 km away .
this gialos hotel is next to the port and a 10 - minute walk from gialos beach .
castiello golf club is 5 km from abba playa .
offering self - catering accommodation , corte pincione is located in montecarlo , a 5 - minute drive from the centre .
pula airport is 55 km away .
additional points of interest close to the hotel include the norton center for the arts and the mcdowell house museum .
at spinnaker house you will find a courtyard garden .
it provides spacious accommodation with free internet access .
free parking is available on site .
you will find a shared lounge at the property .
while mannheim airport is 5 km from hotel am bismarck , the a6 and a5 motorways are both 1 km away .
the apartment is on a 6th floor .
with 2 or 3 bedrooms , each house is soundproofed and includes a living room with a flat - screen tv .
the central train station is just about 1 km away .
tea / coffee making facilities and a fridge are also provided .
with a sea view , the air - conditioned rooms come with a flat - screen tv , small fridge and some have a balcony .
some units have a terrace and / or balcony with garden views .
there is a grocery store in the building where the apartment is located .
all rooms at hotell spelabacken have wooden floors and a private bathroom with shower .
free private parking is also provided on site .
all rooms at the denman include central heating , cable tv and a dvd player .
the edge of the picos de europa national park is just 5 km away .
a 24 - hour reception is offered at chino hills hotel california .
madrid restaurant serves guests traditional sichuan and yangzhou meals .
there is a restaurant and a 24 - hour front desk .
offering a shared swimming pool , bungalow camarrocha 1 is located in a residential area in moraira .
the birthplace of sri adi shankara , kalady is 5 km .
cicada market is a 15 - minute drive away and local thai restaurants can be found 100 metres away .
it offers free wi - fi .
indoors , guests can relax and read a book in the lounge areas or enjoy the serenity of the garden .
offering an outdoor swimming pool and an on - site restaurant , puri rinjani bungalows is a beachfront property located in kuta in lombok . free wifi access is available in public areas .
the private bathroom comes with either a bath or shower , a hairdryer and free toiletries .
berison moskovskaya is located in the centre of kazan , on the bank of lake kaban .
the property features views of the sea and is 1 . 1 km from batumi archeological museum .
kallithea village is at a distance of 15 km , while the villages of polychrono and pefkochori are 5 km away .
the restaurant serves european dishes and the bar has a broad selection of wines .
the malta is situated 3 . 5 km from the old market square and offers free private parking .
the shores of lake presseggersee are a 10 - minute walk away .
the rooms are fully air conditioned and well equipped with a satellite tv , ironing facilities and a safety deposit box .
the apartment counts with 3 double bedrooms with bathrooms , a living room with direct access to a terrace and views of the pool .
you will be right in front of montepulciano ' s tourist office , and the museo civico museum , with works of art from the renaissance .
activities in the surrounding area include skiing , cycling and horse riding .
moskovsky train station is 6 km from the apartment , while pulkovo airport is 25 km away .
parking is not a problem ; you can leave your car in front of the door for free .
the surrounding area is ideal for outdoor activities , such as hiking and fishing .
with a great location , it is just 100 metres from mucugê street and 500 meters from acqua beach .
the four bedroom apartment comes with a kitchen , a living / dining area and two bathrooms .
featuring a free sauna and turkish bath , residence villa flora apartments is set 150 metres from the sella ronda ski lift and slopes in san cassiano . it offers self - catering accommodation complete with a balcony .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer .
the spanish steps are just 2 metro stops from san pietro ' s home b & b while the sistine chapel and st . peter ' s basilica are a 15 - minute walk away .
this self - catering accommodation is 3 km from lusaka golf club .
rooms at al khayam castle are air conditioned and include minibar and a tv set .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
atibaia bus station is situated just a 15 - minute drive from this guest house .
bed & breakfast il giardinetto is in rosolini centre , next to a public garden and within short walking distance of all services .
inner circle is 4 km from birla mandir and 26 km from hyderabad airport .
wi - fi is free .
the accommodation will provide you with air conditioning , seating area and a patio .
you can play billiards at the property , and the area is popular for skiing and fishing .
highlights include charming wooden furniture , flat - screen tvs , and free wi - fi internet access in all areas of the hotel .
you will find shops at the property .
the attached bathroom comes with shower facilities and toiletries .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
offering a children ' s playground and terrace , guest house zordania is situated in batumi , 100 metres from piazza . free private parking is available on site .
there is a cosy lounge featuring an honesty bar in which to relax at the end of the day .
located 100 metres from orangina schweppes headquarters france in levallois - perret , this apartment features a terrace and a garden with a terrace .
there is a lounging area with a fireplace and the bar offers a large variety of local new zealand wines .
the german border is 10 km away and features several cycling trails .
there is a restaurant on site which specialises in polish cuisine .
an ideal starting point for tours around the val pusteria valley , the property is 15 km from the kronplatz and helm ski slopes .
various local eateries can be found within walking distance of the hostel .
all rooms and suites have wood furnishings , a flat - screen cable tv , electric kettle , minibar and seating area .
breakfast is served each morning on the terrace or in the comfort of guests ’ rooms .
tea and coffee - making facilities , a refrigerator and a microwave are included in every guest room at country inn & suites milwaukee airport .
you can drive to valencia and its airport in just over 1 hour .
bed linen and towels are provided .
apartmani emilijana is a self - catering accommodation located in zadar .
local restaurants and supermarkets can be reached on foot in 5 minutes . trogir city centre and the marina are a 15 - minute walk away .
b & b santa rita is a 5 - minute drive from both turin porta nuova station and from politecnico di torino university .
guests can order a traditional local meals cooked in a wood - burning stove , made with products from the village .
almirante marco andrés zar airport is 53 km away .
the 67 m2 apartment has 2 bedrooms and a living room .
the sunken gardens are 5 . 2 km away .
each apartment at apartamentos blue sea costa teguise gardens has a kitchenette with a microwave and fridge .
located in the centre of dubrovnik and overlooking dubrovnik old town and walls , apartment rimac is an air - conditioned , modernly furnished apartment with free wi - fi .
the accommodation will provide you with air conditioning , a tv and dvd player .
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge .
guests benefit from terrace .
wi - fi is available in public area at no extra charge .
on arrival be greeted with a cup of tea or a freshly squeezed juice .
coffs harbour town centre is 11 minutes ’ drive away where you can dine at a range of cafes , restaurants and bars or purchase groceries at the major supermarkets .
it offers an outdoor pool shrouded by a terrace with sun loungers and parasols . free wi - fi is available throughout .
parking is available at the on - site garage , at an extra charge .
portobello boutique hotel is less than a 10 - minute walk from the old port and boasts spectacular views over the aegean sea .
rooms , studios and apartments at meri will provide you with a tv , air conditioning and a furnished balcony . some units are also self - catered with cooking equipment .
the living room includes a flat - screen tv and a fireplace , and guests can enjoy a garden view .
moskovsky train station is 7 minutes ’ drive from mini mani hostel .
free wi - fi and a 24 - hour reception are featured at open 2 guest house .
guests can relax in the russian bath and in the turkish bath with hot tub .
all guest rooms include a fridge and coffee machine .
this property offers a unique homestay experience in a family house where guests can interact with the hosts .
durau is 13 km from pensiunea ioana , while piatra neamţ is 23 km away .
nearby activities include river cruises and carriage rides .
you can enjoy mountain view and garden view from all the rooms .
mamas apts consists of 5 buildings and offers fully equipped accommodation with free wifi and a balcony overlooking the city .
the apartment features 3 bedrooms , 2 bathrooms , a spacious living room , a balcony and a fully - equipped kitchen with a dishwasher , an oven and a toaster , as well as a coffee machine .
you can park your car in the hotel ' s underground garage at an additional fee or park it outside the building for free . garage parking for motorcycles is free of charge .
laundry facilities are available .
guests of the quality inn & suites will enjoy relaxing in the outdoor pool and hot tub .
free parking is available onsite .
rosedale holiday home is 1 km from the shops and restaurants of toronto ' s fashionable yorkville district .
the kitchen has stove , microwave and fridge , while the bathroom comes with hairdryer .
the air - conditioned rooms are spacious and feature a simple décor .
at caravanverhuur rennesse you will find free shuttle service , a 24 - hour front desk and a bar .
accommodation will provide you with a flat - screen tv and a balcony . it also offers a washing machine and a private bathroom .
samui airport is 18 km away .
a shuttle service to bologna city and train station is available on request .
hotel miami is within 500 metres of naif souq and deira gold souq .
a wide range of bars and restaurants offering traditional catalan and spanish cuisine can be found in la rambla , within 2 minutes ’ walk of the guest house .
the property is centrally located in the south congress district .
the historic pelourinho neighbourhood a 15 - minute walk from barbalho house .
the famous psarou beach with its beach bars is just 60 metres away .
cycling and hiking trails can be found in the surrounding forest .
bike rental is available on site .
dee village langkawi chalet offers accommodation in kampung bukit kemboja , just 25 minutes from cenang beach . it boasts views of the river .
the berlin speciality , currywurst , is served at the dom curry , 180 metres away from the hotel .
clube praia da rocha by itc hotels features a 24 - hour reception , a games room and an on - site supermarket where guests can buy supplies .
the haidenhof ’ s spa area includes a sun terrace with panoramic mountain views , a sauna , a steam bath , a solarium , and a relaxation room .
studios and apartments at hillside are simply furnished and open out to a private balcony . they come with a kitchenette equipped with mini fridge and electric kettle .
it features sea views .
all apartments are 75 m2 in size and feature parquet flooring , a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a balcony offering panoramic mountain views .
the property ' s kitchen is fitted with an oven , a stove top , a dishwasher and tea and coffee making facilities .
micke grove zoo is 17 minutes ’ drive away .
a business centre is also available .
it is surrounded by a well - tended garden with a children ’ s playground and bbq facilities .
leos janacek airport is located 62 km away .
guests can swim and snorkel in the reef , paddle around the island in native bankas ( boats ), bird watch or trek through the forest .
just 3 minutes ’ walk away from provost arena , this hotel offers an on - site restaurant and lounge .
the kitchen is equipped with refrigerator , coffee brewer and cooking facilities .
the apartments are complete with a kitchenette .
less than 1 mile from central park , this harlem guest house features rooms with free wi - fi and flat - screen tvs .
the private beach has a bar and a seating area .
the traditional restaurant with beer garden serves international and regional specialities for lunch and dinner .
towels and bed linen are provided in this cottage .
there is a public bus stop right in front of pašina česma .
room service is also available .
moritzburg is also an ideal base for visiting the world - heritage city of dresden , or meißen where the world - famous porcelain is produced .
the accommodation will provide you with a splendid lake view , a private bathroom with shower and cable tv .
offering panoramic views across the piedmont countryside , cascina rosa has a rural hilltop setting just outside grazzano badoglio .
hotel splendid mare is set in an ancient monastery , just off the passeggiata del golfo seaside promenade of laigueglia .
at hotel nad wisłą you will find a 24 - hour front desk , a garden and a terrace .
it features a chapel , garden and terrace . all simply furnished rooms come with free wifi .
it takes 25 minutes by car to lijiang railway station and 40 minutes by car to sanyi international airport .
breakfast with local produce is served each morning in the comfort of your room .
courtyard dayton beavercreek has contemporary rooms with air conditioning , a tea / coffee maker and mini - fridge .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
each cottage is decorated in natural colours with wooden furniture .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
the main railway station is located 2 . 3 km away , while the main bus station is 3 km from the nest city apartments .
this card offers many free benefits and discounts , including free use of local cable cars and public transport in the valley and to innsbruck .
the living room has a flat - screen tv and dvd player .
the nearest airport is palma de mallorca airport , 49 km from the property .
the inn driftwood also provides copy and fax services at the front desk .
room service and laundry facilities are also available .
free wi - fi , a fitness centre and a 24 - hour reception are featured at severnaya hotel .
the closest restaurant is 50 metres away , and further dining and shopping options are located within 700 metres . both hannigalp ’ s indoor pool and des alpes ’ wellness centre are reachable in 1 minute on foot .
including free wi - fi access , the rooms at regina feature a minibar , heating and telephone .
tbilisi international airport is 15 km from lions hotel .
the property offers free shuttle services to the dolonne ski slope which is 1 km away .
the compact accommodation will provide you with air conditioning , a minibar and cable channels .
each has a flat - screen tv and coffee - making facilities .
free on - site parking is provided by vakantiehuis " het rode huis ".
coffee is provided free of charge at the lobby from 15 : 00 - 22 : 00 .
hotel guests can also relax with a drink in the lobby or enjoy a game of billiards .
some offer full views of the lake .
free private parking is available on site , while a parking spot in a private garage is available at an extra charge .
the mysore railway station is 77 km from the serai kabini . the bangaluru international airport is just over 260 km away .
hiking , cycling and skiing paths can be found nearby .
this 1 room apartment has a surface area of 28 m2 and offers housing for 3 guests in 1 bedroom .
ravello is 46 km from appartamento fortino , while paestum is 8 km from the property .
surrounded by the impressive mountains of the ziller valley , this 4 - star superior hotel features a 4 , 000 m2 wellness area with a heated outdoor pool , a gym , and a natural swimming pond .
guests can enjoy traditional greek specialities at the outdoor restaurant of the hotel , with views of the bay . products served are homemade and locally produced .
it offers an outdoor swimming pool and a garden with tropical trees .
towels and bed linen are offered .
apartments hiper is 11 km from rijeka and 61 km from pula airport .
trendy apartment in mouth is a renovated property located in porto , 600 metres from the banks of the douro river .
there are 2 bathrooms , one of them with a spa bath .
tomsk - 1 and tomsk - 2 train stations are within 4 . 5 km away .
free parking is available .
offering views of the city or river , air - conditioned rooms come with a desk , flat - screen tv with iptv channels and tea / coffee making facilities .
the hostel offers free parking and staff are happy to provide area information .
you can enjoy garden view from the room .
shower facilities are included in an en suite bathroom .
each room comes with a private patio and a fully furnished kitchen equipped with a microwave and large refrigerator .
further entertainment options include a children ' s playground and a table for tennis table provided at no cost .
it offers spacious accommodation , as well as a stone pool , hot tub and buffet breakfast .
you will find a selection of shops in a 10 - minute drive .
some rooms also have a private balcony .
all of the spacious bedrooms have a tv , tea and coffee making facilities and a private bathroom .
this three - bedroom accommodation will provide you with a tv , a cd - player . there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
seconds from six flags over texas amusement park and offering free local area shuttle service , this hotel features a daily hot breakfast buffet and free wi - fi .
freiburg im breisgau is 56 km from gasthaus pension zum löwen , while titisee - neustadt is 13 km from the property .
it offers 24 - hour reception and air - conditioned rooms with flat - screen tv and free wi - fi .
other facilities at villa levanda include a barbecue .
lakes region casino is 10 miles away .
a supermarket for the general supplies is located 200 metres away and a restaurant can be found within 100 metres from the property .
guests are offered air - conditioned accommodation with a dvd player .
tivat airport is 17 km away and the property offers free airport shuttle to tivat airport and dubrovnik airport .
guests can play a game of billiards or read the daily newspapers at the lobby area .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
guests are welcome to prepare their own meals using the fully equipped kitchen available .
for dinner , hotel handelia offers a daily changing 3 course menu .
hotel jonio is 50 metres from the beach and 6 km from noto .
huab lodge & bushspa is situated in on the route to and from etosha national park , which is 176 km away .
bars , grocers and restaurants can be found within a walking distance .
all guest rooms include free wi - fi and a hot breakfast of waffles and sausage .
a free morning shuttle goes to tokyo station twice daily .
a separate , fully equipped kitchen with a seating area is included .
some units are split level .
the house features a living room and a dining area .
the sheraton is a 20 - minute drive from miyazaki jingu shrine , and a 36 - minute drive from sadowara museum kukusho - kan .
the apartment also includes a tv , heating and a fan .
a hairdryer is provided with the private bathroom .
set in kraków , this apartment features a balcony . the unit is 1 . 3 km from st . florian ' s gate .
the rooms at hotel kartanesi come with modern furnishings .
free public parking is available at courtyard ocala .
a buffet breakfast is served every morning in the breakfast room at hotel carofftel - gobelins .
the private bathroom includes a shower .
the open - plan kitchen is fitted with a refrigerator , a microwave and a stove .
entertainment is provided on most week nights .
this motel showcases mount shasta views .
featuring a spa bath , private bathrooms also come with a shower and a bath .
there is also a small swimming pool for children .
the pouso alegre bus station is 20 km from the guesthouse and parking is free .
towels and bed linen are available in this apartment .
casa yuyihuen features bright rooms with wooden furnishings and a cosy décor .
it offers free wi - fi , a terrace and a dining room where guests are invited to enjoy a continental breakfast every morning .
this holiday home is 90 km from billund airport .
the manchester , new hampshire city centre is 20 minutes ’ drive away .
enseada shopping is 1 . 7 km from apartamento no inicio da enseada , and guarulhos international airport is 111 km away .
featuring an air conditioning or a fan , rooms at mar casado offer a tv and private bathroom with a hot shower .
apartamentos city beach valencia provides bed linen , towels and kitchenware .
each room at the b & b colle sul mare will provide you with a flat - screen tv .
guests can find a shopping mall 1 . 5 km from the apartman blanca and the central market hall lies 2 . 5 km away . the gellért baths and spa can be visited 3 . 5 km from the apartment , while the st . stephen ' s basilica , the citadella and the state opera house all lie 4 km off . the hungarian national museum can be seen 2 . 5 km away and the national theatre can be visied 2 km off . the chain bridge looms over the danube river 4 km off .
located in leskelä , this holiday home is situated 25 km from joensuu .
all rooms include a flat - screen tv with satellite channels , a desk and a private bathroom .
just 5 minutes ’ walk from ocean beach , lazy acre features a solar - heated swimming pool , a bbq area and a children ’ s playground . it offers accommodation set amid tropical gardens .
holiday home ølstedvej is located in brobyværk .
the nearest airport is tbilisi international airport , 16 km from free art rooms .
you can also drive to madrid through the a2 motorway in less than 1 hour . a golf course can be found 15 km away .
la casa di sissi b & b is 4 km from sanremo train station .
santoña is less than 20 minutes by car .
the property offers free parking .
each is air conditioned and has a tv and balcony or terrace overlooking the sea .
some of them enjoy nice views of rodriguez peña square .
laundry and luggage storage facilities are all available at the front desk .
the comfortable rooms feature rustic decor and satellite tv . bathroom facilities are shared .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with a bath and bathrobes .
they are furnished with coffee facilities and a minibar .
fivelements puri ahimsa is a 20 - minute drive from ubud palace and an hour ’ s drive from ngurah rai international airport .
the mezzanine in the living area offers two more sleeping capacities .
zurich airport is 50 km away .
the staff at 24 - hour front desk can arrange car and bicycle rental , while they can also provide information on water activities , such as diving and canoeing .
it is just 15 km to kruger national park and 53 km to kruger mpumalanga international airport .
dalaman airport is 60 km away and a shuttle service is available .
the shared lounge has comfortable bean bag chairs and is available for all guests .
centrally located in salta , hotel boutique balcón de la plaza offers accommodation with free wifi access .
this stylish hotel offers an indoor pool and attractive rooms with free wi - fi and a plasma - screen satellite tv . it is just 6 km from cerler , in the pyrenees ’ benasque valley .
a buffet breakfast is prepared daily and includes sweet and savoury products .
en - suite rooms have a balcony with mountain views and cable tv .
the en suite bathroom comes with a shower and free amenities .
free wifi access is available .
featuring free wifi , babylon palace hotel bangkok offers accommodation in bangkok . the hotel has a sun terrace and views of the garden , and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant .
the unit equipped with a kitchen with an oven and microwave .
a dishwasher , a microwave and a refrigerator can be found in the kitchen .
the hotel has coin - operated washing machines , a shared microwave and video rentals .
le nove fate offers modern accommodation with lcd tv and free internet .
en suite bathroom has shower facility , hairdryer and free toiletries .
guests can use shared kitchen and ski and luggage storage .
the villa offers a seating area with a sofa and a flat - screen tv .
tasteful en suite rooms include a flat - screen tv with freeview channels , a free hot drinks tray and newspaper .
private bathroom offers a shower , while the balcony offers a view of the sea .
featuring free wi - fi , it offers a gym , sauna and a hot tub .
guests can prepare their meals using the fully equipped kitchens available in every apartment .
wifi is accessible for free throughout its premises .
featuring a bath or shower , the private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
free wi - fi is available in public areas .
located on krnovo mountain , hotel vucje enjoys quiet surroundings 19 km from niksic village center .
daily breakfast is served in buffet style at hotel murat .
the non - smoking apartment at casa schillerwein features a bedroom , a living and dining room , a fully equipped kitchen , a modern bathroom with a rain shower , and a south - facing sun terrace .
public bus stop is located just by the property .
offering a restaurant and a private beach area , agnes lodge is located in munda .
marina tarragona is 900 metres from tarragona suites sant francesc , while palacio de congresos is 300 metres away .
guests can relax in a whirlpool bath , a sauna or a steam bath .
it offers outdoor pools , a tennis court and an exotic garden with a waterfall .
guests can relax in their spacious living room with flat - screen tv .
there is also a bar .
a buffet breakfast is served daily and has a wide selection of foods .
abergavenny is situated at the borders to the brecon beacons national park .
an organic breakfast is served everyday in the comfort of your own guest rooms from 08 : 00 to 12 : 00 and includes local produce .
the bright rooms of kiwi include a wardrobe . the bathrooms come with a shower , toilet , and a hairdryer .
staff at the front desk are available 24 hours daily to attend to guests ' requests . they can assist with car rental arrangements , laundry and babysitting services .
friendly inn apartments are situated just 3 minutes ’ walk from the silesia city center shopping centre in katowice . all are modern and offer a fully equipped kitchenette and free wi - fi .
free wifi is provided and free private parking is available on site .
the bricks sports lounge is a stylish and lively place , perfect for an informal drink and light snacks with friends and business associates while watching all your favourites ’ sports .
sennaya 5 apartment is a self - catering accommodation located in saint petersburg , right in front of sadovaya , spasskaya and sennaya ploshchad metro stations .
the 16th - century hotel villa ciconia offers an outdoor pool set in gardens overlooking the chiani river .
at an altitude of 1100 metres and a 10 - minute walk from the centre of castelrotto , family - run apartments fill overlooks the mountains .
hot drinks are also available at the lobby .
the bathroom has a hairdryer .
the bright , modern apartour apartments are air - conditioned and feature an led tv in the living room .
the nearest airport is astana international airport , 12 km from the property .
jaz beach is 3 . 6 km from homestay aleksandra , while sveti stefan is 6 km from the property .
the modern , air - conditioned apartments offer free wi - fi .
at apple suite guests will find a garden and a terrace .
the breakfast buffet is included .
the air - conditioned rooms feature a tv and a complete bathroom with shower , toilet and hairdryer .
a minibar , work desk and wake up service are available .
just off interstate 5 , this hotel is 5 minutes ' walk from the sandy white beaches in downtown oceanside , california .
airport shuttle can be arranged for an additional cost .
the kitchen comes with a dishwasher and an oven , as well as a coffee machine .
life atlibay hotel is set on the seafront of mediterranean region with its private sandy beach .
it is 250 metres from st . anastasia cathedral and bell tower and the port .
every room at this guest house is air conditioned and is fitted with a flat - screen tv .
one of the apartments also features a gardened patio with lawn furniture .
on the ground floor , there is a living room with fireplace , on the first floor there is a second living room with dining area and the kitchen , while the bedrooms are on the second floor .
all en suite bathrooms are equipped with a hairdryer .
the america ’ s best value inn medical center downtown is 1 . 5 miles from hermann park and the miller outdoor theater .
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings , including diving , cycling and canoeing .
free wi - fi access is available in public areas .
restaurants and eateries are available within a 5 - minute drive from the house .
this family - run hotel is quietly located in kahl am main , a 10 - minute walk from the river main .
with free wi - fi and air conditioning , classic - style rooms at le mirage have a flat - screen tv .
the friendly staff is happy to arrange day trips for you .
energize for the day ahead at the gym .
the nearest restaurant is only 50 metres away , while the grocery store can be reached within 1 km .
málaga and ronda are just over an hour ’ s drive away , and you can drive to seville in 1 . 5 hours .
various golf courses are available within a 10 km radius , the nearest of which at just an 8 - minute drive .
the karnal railway station is 5 km and the chandigarh airport is 120 km .
cross country ski trails are 50 metres away and a sled run and sled rental shop can both be reached on foot in 6 minutes .
chapel apartments dunedin is located less than 5 minutes ’ walk from the city ’ s entertainment district , the octagon .
breakfast consists of coffee , fruit juices and assorted pastries .
the hotel also offers free use of bicycles .
the house features a terrace with a garden view , a living area with a flat - screen tv and a bathroom .
guests can enjoy the on - site bar .
guests can also make use of the fax / photocopying and meeting facilities .
sunflower villa studios also includes a hot tub and outdoor pool .
this apartment is 3 km from the center of ste maxime , 400 m from the sea .
guests can also have their meals at the on - site café .
every room at this motel is air conditioned and features a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
they offer self - catered accommodation with a view to the aegean sea .
this three - bedroom holiday home features a fully - equipped kitchen , 2 bathrooms , a seating area with a tv and a dining area .
you can enjoy a varied buffet of italian and organic products served in the breakfast room known as the mirror lounge .
the rooms at the toranda feature colourful , rustic décor .
it offers rooms and suites with free wifi access and views of the sea and the hotel ’ s gardens .
guests of the baltic can also enjoy bowling , billiards and cycling .
the stadtsee lake is less than a 10 - minute walk away .
the en suite bathroom comes with shower and a hairdryer .
the spagna suite apartment is a 10 - minute walk from spagna metro stop .
a restaurant is 300 metres away and a grocery shop is 2 km away .
restaurants and shops can be found within a 2 - minute walk of anaxemander .
at enteveedu homestay you will find a 24 - hour front desk and a garden .
burgau train station is 2 . 5 km away .
bangkok is a 2 . 5 - hour drive away .
douro cister hotel is 147 km from porto international airport .
located in rio de janeiro , 3 . 7 km from maracanã stadium , graja hostel boasts a sun terrace and views of the mountain .
the studio apartment at the opera house also comes with a patio , a well - equipped kitchenette and a flat - screen tv with cable channels .
the house includes 2 double and 2 twin bedrooms , as well as 2 bathrooms with a shower .
the hotel is just a 3 - minute walk from jr shimbashi train station and shimbashi subway station .
other facilities at hotel vesileppis include an ice rink , a sports store and a beauty salon .
marsala is around 20 minutes ' drive away , and the airport is even closer .
at holiday home aurea - palma you will find a garden , barbecue facilities and a terrace .
all rooms have free wi - fi access , flat - screen satellite tv and minibar .
the b & b has free on - site parking , and the bars and restaurants of dingle are half a mile away .
a 24 - hour fitness centre offering concierge and yoga services is offered at the hotel .
the nearest airport is phuket international airport , 32 km from the property .
it takes a 10 - minute drive from the property to seminyak beach and getting to bali denpasar international airport will take around 30 minutes by car .
góralska ostoja is a wooden log , highland style house located in the quiet area of pcim , overlooking the mountains and surrounding by a spacious garden .
a bus stop is within 500 metres and the csisztapuszta can be reached within 11 . 6 km .
just a 1 - minute walk from estacion beach , hotel saint denis offers accommodations in tomé .
briskeby tram stop is 400 metres away and is a 5 - minute ride from oslo central station .
the private bathrooms come with a bathtub and hairdryer , and some rooms have a seating area .
just 10 minutes from newcastle , there is free wi - fi and free parking .
tasty regional cuisine is served in the restaurant of le chamois hotel , which offers a dining room with unique view of the nearby mountain area .
the restaurant specialises in regional cuisine .
ski passes can be purchased at the hotel .
the nearest airport is lombok international airport , 49 km from joka joka gili air santay .
parking is free on site .
each en suite bathroom features a luxurious free - standing bath and rainforest shower with bathrobes and clarins bath products supplied .
the rooms are fitted with a desk , some rooms come with a private bathroom with a shower , some with shared bathroom facilities .
the hotel is located 500 metres from durango ’ s art and history museum .
vittorio emanuele ii gallery and la scala opera house are within a 15 - minute walk of serendipity rooms .
all rooms are decorated in a classic style , and fitted with tiled floors and wooden furnishings .
free wi - fi is available throughout the property .
boasting 20 private hectares and at the shores of futaleufu river , andyna home of fishermen offers a sole bungalow with a private balcony overlooking the river ,.
kamerlengo castle is 80 metres away .
featuring a shower , the bathroom is complete with a hairdryer .
an american breakfast is served daily .
the rooms come with a shared bathroom equipped with a bath or shower and bidet .
it takes 15 minutes to walk to night market .
enjoy a rejuvenating workout in the fortuna reutlingen ' s spacious fitness centre ( free for guests ), where you will find state - of - the - art equipment .
the nearest airport is habib bourguiba airport , 21 km from the property .
the private bathrooms include luxurious slippers .
many taverns serving fresh fish are within a 3 - minute walk . tinos town and the port are 3 . 5 km away .
the interiors offer a mixture of modern and antique .
gondola lift is 1 . 9 km from rivendell apartments semiramida gardens .
just a 5 - minute walk from hisai train station , station hotel au offers free spacious accommodations with free wired internet , public baths and saunas .
bike hire and car hire are available at this bed and breakfast and the area is popular for snorkelling .
some rooms have a private bathroom .
once a hideout for pirates , chauve souris hotel is opposite praslin island featuring endemic plants and animals of the seychelles .
guests can prepare their meals in the fully - equipped kitchen .
south - fork is located in vibøge and can accommodate up to twelve persons .
offering an outdoor pool , sanya baihua holiday garden apartment offers self - catering accommodation . it is located in the yalong bay scenic area . free wi - fi access is available .
towels and bed linen are available at piter812 on tukhachevskogo .
each offers views of either the hotel gardens , or of the mediterranean sea .
apartamento dantas copacabana offers a fitness centre , free wifi and panoramic sea views .
offering an outdoor pool and a garden , elitay otel is located in konyaaltı . free wifi access is available throughout the property . free private parking is possible on site .
shower facilities and free organic toiletries are provided in each private bathroom .
private bathroom includes a hairdryer , free toiletries and shower .
the property offers free public parking at a nearby location .
samson mall is a 5 minutes ’ walk away .
running tracks and walking paths are within 300 metres .
it offers modern accommodation with 3 dining options , free parking and free internet .
the real de faula golf club is within a short drive .
all simply furnished rooms at the pedra azul come with a desk and wardrobe . each has a private bathroom with a bathtub and shower .
free wi - fi access is available throughout .
other facilities offered at the property include an ironing service and laundry facilities .
this family - run hotel is located in cala figuera , close to mondragó nature reserve and 5 minutes ' drive from cala santanyi beach .
located 500 metres from siam park , bungalow las americas offers pet - friendly accommodation in playa de las americas . the property is 1 . 7 km from piramide de arona convention centre and boasts views of the pool .
this seaside five bedroom holiday cottage accommodates up to fourteen people and includes , billiards , a sunbed , a sauna , and an indoor swimming pool . additionally the large outdoor area offers a myriad of play facilities like a trampoline , football goals and a badminton net .
guests can use the swimming pools and a wellness centre at the nearby corinthia hotel .
guests can benefit from the central location and discover the many eateries that surround the property , along moskovskaya ulitsa , less than a 15 - minute walk away .
free wifi is available throughout the air - conditioned hotel .
a casa di marta b & b is a 10 - minute walk from san giovanni underground , and offers free wifi and modern and spacious rooms with air conditioning .
strasbourg train station is a 9 - minute walk from the property .
the property is a 5 - minute walk from oyu - onsen ski resort , which is open on weekends during winter .
guests can enjoy the mild climate during a bbq night or enjoy the sun on the pension ’ s terrace .
the beach is 100m located from the property .
set in a former templar house , auberge de la commanderie is located in the heart of saint - émilion medieval town and offers views of the town and vineyards .
all apartments feature a balcony , a seating area and a tv .
private parking is available on site .
free wifi access is available .
guests can enjoy various dishes at the restaurant or have a drink at the bar .
it is less than 5 minutes ’ walk to gowrie station .
a continental breakfast is served every morning . it includes a hot and cold drinks and pastries .
front desk staff is available 24 hours a day and can assist you with a luggage storage , ticket reservation , ordering flowers , car rental or concierge services .
featuring free wifi , huntstile organic farm offers pet - friendly accommodation in bridgwater , 43 km from cardiff .
feel at home in the large , stylish , air conditioned guest houses or self - catering apartments with furnishings that are adaptable to your needs .
modern touches include widescreen tvs with 24 satellite channels , a minibar and air conditioning .
this studio includes a tiled propane fireplace , ironing facilities and a washer and tumble dryer .
local and international dishes are served at the hotel ’ s indulge restaurant .
the rooms at the hotel radium palace feature a satellite tv , free wifi , a minibar , safety deposit box and a private bathroom .
the hotel weisser stein lies on the quiet southern slopes and offers panoramic views of the surrounding rothaargebirge countryside .
all air - conditioned surf mar rooms have satellite tv , and a private balcony with views of the mediterranean , garden or pool .
there is a private bathroom with a shower in every unit .
it takes 20 minutes to reach the hotel by car from ngurah rai international airport .
moulin vert is located a 15 - minute walk from gare montparnasse and 400 metres from pernety metro station , which offers direct access to the champs - elysees .
free wifi access is available in all areas .
enjoy views across the resort in comfort from the lima ’ s rooftop terrace .
free wifi is featured throughout the property and free private parking is available on site .
the property is 600 metres from grimaldi forum monaco and monaco ’ s japanese garden .
services like laundry and valet parking are provided .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
saint - exupéry airport is only 15 km from the hotel and stade gerland staduim is a 15 - minute drive away .
all rooms come with a flat - screen tv , air conditioning and a seating area .
the hideaway country inn restaurant serves gourmet american - style cuisine .
da jing yong xin hotel is 10 km from yandangshan railway station .
all of them have minibars and private bathrooms .
the property offers free parking .
guests can enjoy 1 parasol and 2 sun loungers at a partner beach .
the accommodation will provide you with a balcony and a seating area . featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with free toiletries . extras include a desk , bed linen and a fan .
portorož airport is located 7 km away .
many overlook the town of limone sul garda , just a few steps away .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
surrounded by meadows , 1 km from the centre of wenns , sonnberghof offers accommodation in wenns . sonnberghof boasts views of the mountains and the pitzpark natural swimming pond is within 1 km , while the hochzeiger ski area is 11 km away .
hévíz is 33 km from joli guesthouse , while siófok is 37 km from the property .
the property offers free parking .
in addition to a sauna and a hot tub , it offers spacious rooms with free wi - fi .
it is 70 km to rome fiumicino airport .
half - board options are also available .
westminster abbey is 1 . 1 km from classica apartments , while st james ' s park is 1 . 2 km from the property .
villas feature a fully equipped kitchen and a cable tv with dvd player .
the 24 - hour front desk can arrange car rental to explore the old town of rhodes , at 8 km .
the property offers free parking .
sangla public hospital is 3 . 7 km from alamanda town house , while kasih ibu hospital denpasar is 3 . 7 km away .
it offers free wifi access , a terrace and a restaurant with a bar .
the property offers free parking .
gordon swimming pool is 600 metres from smolenskin , while dizengoff center is 700 metres from the property .
free wifi is available throughout the property .
located 1 . 5 km from beijing national stadium , also known as bird ’ s nest , cheng shi te se apartment hotel offers rooms with a kitchen and washing machine .
zurich ’ s city centre can be reached within 20 minutes on foot and the wiedikon train station is 200 metres away .
with a location just off m - 5 , the novi holiday inn express is only a 10 - minute drive from lakeshore park .
this self - catering accommodation features free wifi .
hotel berghof has a ski storage room with boot drying facilities .
the traditional stone village of sonogno and picturesque lavertezzo can be reached by car in 15 minutes .
the charming suite at casita ronda has traditional décor , with wooden beams and moorish - style doorways and windows .
the in - house flavours restaurant serves a variety of local delights and international dishes throughout the day .
there is a private bathroom with a bath .
marcan beach hotel is less than a 15 - minute walk from the blue lagoon .
dar yanis is just a 5 - minute walk from rabat ’ s medina and the beach .
there is a terrace and two shared kitchens available for guests .
enjoy free wi - fi internet access .
featuring free wi - fi and air conditioning , sirius apartments is 200 metres from the zira shopping centre , where you can find a bus stop , supermarket and many shops and restaurants .
lübeck and kiel can be reached within 40 minutes by train or car .
set within the madonie national park , casale margherita turismo rurale is surrounded by green and mountains .
free wi - fi access is available in this holiday park .
there is free parking nearby .
there is a 24 - hour front desk , a shared lounge and hairdresser ' s at the property .
hotel bellevue offers 2 bars , a tv room , comfortable lounges , and outdoor and indoor car parking . guests have free bike rental , a free internet point and free wi - fi access in the bar .
all rooms at grastenhus bed & breakfast have access to a communal living room and a shared kitchen with all facilities .
the in - house restaurant , beach bar serves a tasty selection of local and international cuisine .
featuring a spacious garden with an outdoor pool and impressive views of the mountains , las cortaderas casa de huespedes is a holiday home in chacras de coria . the property has free wifi access .
ahoy rotterdam is located 15 kilometers away .
apartment on tivosyana 8 offers accommodation in magnitnoye .
galeria graffica shopping centre is within 1 . 5 km .
siena can be reached by car in 20 minutes , while florence is a 1 - hour drive away . parking at the property is free .
they are equipped with a flat - screen tv , refrigerator and hairdryer .
some rooms have exposed - stone walls .
every room at this hotel is air conditioned and has a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
the 24 - hour front desk can arrange laundry services and public parking is possible at a location nearby for an extra fee .
rasnov train station is reachable within 5 minutes by car .
the historic city of cáceres , declared world heritage by unesco , is about 100 km away .
the property also offers free parking .
apartamenty lenina 22a is a self - catering accommodation located in nizhniy novgorod .
guests can relax in the hot - spring baths and request massages for an extra cost .
ataturk international airport is 20 km away .
set in kiskunmajsa , 150 metres from the thermal bath , attila vendégház offers self - catered accommodation with cable tv and a garden with barbecue facilities .
towels and bed linen are featured at domumetro na k . simonova .
free toiletries and a hairdryer are included in each en suite bathroom .
the villa is composed of 4 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms , fitted with a bath .
rooms are either in the main building or in villas scattered around the complex .
dormitory rooms are equipped with air conditioning and heating systems .
it is 1 km from diocletian ' s palace , cathedral of saint domnius and split national theater .
beijing capital airport is 24 km away .
take a cycle tour or a boat trip along the nearby river moselle .
guests staying at the third square furnished apartments can also expect a clothes washer and a tumble dryer .
guests can enjoy a hearty sweet and savoury buffet breakfast at hotel fanes wellness & spa .
the rooms are simple , with tiled floors and colourful linens .
guided hikes and barbecue evenings take place in summer .
situated on prince turki highway , mövenpick hotel al khobar is less than 2 km away from al khobar corniche , and just 500 metres from giant stores shopping area .
cvjetni square is 2 . 6 km from apartment artemos , while archaeological museum zagreb is 2 . 7 km away .
you can reach the beach in around 20 minutes ' drive .
free wi - fi is available in public areas .
kazan international airport is 25 km away .
some include a private balcony , tv and minibar .
set overlooking the mediterranean sea on the costa blanca , the hotel guardamar is ideal for a family holiday in the sunshine , equipped with a small outdoor swimming pool .
centrally located in são paulo , this hostel offers a garden and free wi - fi . it is set just 700 metres from the popular paulista avenue .
restaurants , bars and shops can be found a short walk away .
the soundproofed rooms at hotel jarama have modern décor with wooden flooring .
it is a 5 - minute drive from national holden motor museum and a 10 - minute drive from banyule park state forest .
the property offers free parking .
nanaimo airport is 9 km away .
the property is 3 km from savudrija and 6 km from umag .
shops can be found at 1 km from the property and restaurants are 4 km away .
you can explore aiako - harria nature reserve , which is 5 km from the house .
features include a restaurant and rooms with a qutab minar view .
it features a large indoor pool and hot tub , a daily continental breakfast and rooms with free wi - fi .
the well - equipped fitness centre provides for a refreshing workout .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
guests can relax in the tv lounge and on the outdoor patio , or rent a bike to explore the surroundings .
milos airport is 1 km away .
the hampshire offers al fresco lunch on the terrace in the summer months .
there are various local and western eateries , cafes and restaurants located within walking distance of the hotel .
venlo is 30 minutes driving by car , deurne ’ s train station is 12 km away .
a bakery , grocery , the castle brewery , and several vineyards are just a 5 - minute walk away .
ottawa international airport is 20 . 5 km away .
there is also a wooden caravan set in the horse meadow .
the bar area and breakfast lounge open out onto an inner garden , where guests can relax after a day ' s sightseeing .
it features modern decor , a wooden terrace with outdoor furniture , a shower room and a hairdryer .
the property also offers grocery delivery .
the terrace offers views over a garden .
ufa international airport is 21 km from the property .
guests have access to shared bathrooms and showers in the hallway .
it offers a convenient car rental service .
they all include a flat - screen tv while some include access to the executive lounge .
the guesthouse inn and suites provides guests with a continental breakfast .
a sauna , fitness centre and a massage room are available at the small spa facilities .
the nearest airport is istanbul ataturk airport , 11 km from the property .
paeroa motel is a 5 - minute walk from centennial park .
a buffet breakfast with regional jams is served daily and guests can enjoy drinks at the bar and á la carte dishes at the on - site restaurant .
free shuttle service to seißer alm is available .
sochi circus is 1 . 5 km from apartment on lysaya gora , while sochi summer theatre is 1 . 6 km from the property .
hotel okayama plaza is a 3 - minute walk from the lovely landscapes of okayama korakuen and a 13 - minute walk from okayama castle .
museum of ceramic art is 400 metres from studio folitsa , while kolla square is 400 metres away .
bed linen is featured .
the nearest airport is rhodes international airport , 55 km from the property .
this wonderful castle from the 17th century is surrounded by a beautiful park .
a flat - screen tv with satellite channels is offered .
mare is located just 100 metres from the sandy baltic coast in scharbeutz .
mystic hot springs of monroe is 11 . 4 miles from this hotel .
surrounded by piaoliang sunshine square and north star shopping centre , ramada parkside beijing is a 5 - minute drive from datun road east subway station ( line 5 ) and a 7 - minute drive from olympic green subway station ( line 8 ), which provides an easy access to the famous attractions of beijing .
a homemade continental breakfast is served daily , and a savoury breakfast is possible on request .
there are also a dining area and a living room with a tv and dvd player .
the free ski bus stops right in front of the gasthaus .
this holiday home is located just 500 metres from the centre of winterberg which is known for its winter sports .
experience the natural beauty and marine life of tropical koh chang , whilst staying at the dusit princess .
monumental metro station is a 5 - minute walk from the apartment .
there is free shuttle service and gift shop at the property .
the conca verde hotel is in lignano sabbiadoro , a 10 - minute walk from both the city centre and the lagoon shores .
some apartments have a private terrace .
free wifi is provided and free private parking is available on site .
everything kitzbühel has to offer is within easy walking distance from hotel zur tenne .
a washing machine , tumble dryer and ironing facilities are available on site .
hotel stelor ’ s individually decorated rooms feature local artwork and antique furniture .
it includes hot drinks , croissants , cheese and cold meats .
air - conditioned rooms include a wardrobe and carpeted floors .
certain rooms include views of the sea or pool .
a well equipped gym is available and the coffee shop serves light snacks and refreshments .
every room is equipped with a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
hostal loyola has a communal lounge area and a tour desk , which offers information about madrid .
free wifi is offered throughout the property .
the next restaurant can be found 1 km from appartement schmittenweg and a grocery shop is 1 . 6 km away .
the serpentine restaurant offers a modern european menu with buffets and special themed nights .
towels and bed linen are provided in this apartment .
the river house is a 3 . 5 - hour drive from bandaranaike international airport and a 3 - hour drive from colombo .
enjoybcn colon apartments is situated in barcelona , 400 metres from plaza reial . picasso museum is 800 metres away .
it takes a 10 - minute drive from the property to garuda wisnu kencana cultural park and a 15 - minute drive to balangan beach .
fc barcelona ’ s camp nou stadium is 2 km away .
guests can enjoy bowling , billiard and darts .
free wifi is available in the hotel rooms .
hotel rabennest offers rooms with fridge , free internet and free parking . it is located in rabenau , 15 minutes from the a17 motorway and 25 minutes from the centre of dresden .
amenities include cable tv and a fridge .
all rooms feature a balcony with mountain views .
each apartment has 1 double bedroom and a private bathroom with a shower .
the property is 2 . 2 km from national exhibition centre belexpo and 3 . 1 km from pishchalausky castle .
skiing , walking , cycle , fishing , paragliding , canyoning and climbing , amongst other mountain activities , can be enjoyed nearby .
the city of ålesund is 3 hours away by car , and sandane airport is 90 km away .
you can use the spa and fitness area and the pool in the neighbouring hotel free of charge .
the distance to telavi is 96 km , and tbilisi international airport is 176 km from tlt omalo .
massages can be arranged for a fee .
a stovetop and coffee machine are also offered .
the nearest airport is manila international airport , 7 km from all at jazz .
eskisehir train station is less than a 20 - minute walk from sor hotel eskisehir .
they all feature a fully - equipped kitchen , including a refrigerator , dishwasher and microwave .
you can enjoy your breakfast in the garden by the pool .
the hotel has its own professional ranch for horse back riding , excellent hiking trails as well as a tour desk for active excursions on a 4 - wheel - drive vehicle in the surrounding area .
mccarran international airport is located 6 km away .
the village of viscri , part of the unesco world heritage , can be reached within 15 km , while rupea citadel is at the distance of 35 km .
guests can make use of free wi - fi in the hotel rooms and in public areas of the building .
each self - catering apartment has free wifi and comes fitted with a seating area , satellite tv and fan .
duval street is a 1 - minute walk away , and key west butterfly and nature conservatory is 3 minutes ’ drive from the hotel .
friendly staff are fluent in english and chinese .
guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant .
select rooms have a kitchenette equipped with a stove top .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including fishing and snorkelling .
offering an outdoor pool and views of the sea , villa cosy is situated in yalıkavak .
the home has air conditioning and includes satellite tv , a fan and a private entrance .
chiang mai airport is 84 km away .
units have wooden furnishings and wood - panelled walls .
this kyriad hotel is kyriad chambery - la ravoire located 3 kilometres from chambery , on the way to the region ’ s ski resorts .
mar senses puerto de pollensa is not far from a good range of bars and restaurants , as well as nightlife .
the balcony offers pool views .
guests can make use of barbecue facilities in summer months or enjoy a game of billiards .
the accommodation will provide you with a flat - screen tv with satellite channels and a seating area .
it is a 30 - minute drive from parc astérix and from the city of senlis .
this air - conditioned house will provide you with 1 double bedroom , 2 twin bedrooms and 2 bathrooms with a bath , shower and hairdryer .
located in velten , the family - run gasthof velten offers comfortable rooms just 25 km from the heart of berlin .
rooms include a flat - screen tv .
select rooms and suites have a balcony with a view and a spa bath .
haus isabell is located directly in the centre of fiss , just 10 walking minutes from the ski lifts of the serfaus - fiss - ladis ski area .
other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage . the property offers free parking .
some rooms boast a terrace or balcony with beautiful views .
the hotel le 21ème is located in central strasbourg , a short walk from the petite - france area and place kléber .
conveniently located a 10 - minute stroll from sanyuanqiao subway station ( line 10 ), beijing huashang hotel is a 10 - minute walk to u . s . embassy .
the location is especially good for all kinds of live music venues within a 7 - 8 minute walk .
housed in a neoclassical building in monastiraki area of athens , ns place offers elegant accommodation with a spacious , furnished terrace and free wifi access .
hua hin clock tower is 1 km from i lub u huahin , while hua hin night market is 1 . 1 km from the property .
rooms at my home hotel are air conditioned and have a flat - screen satellite tv .
other facilities at villa sogno 117994 - 104181 include a barbecue .
guests can prepare their meals in the fully - equipped kitchen , which include a microwave and a fridge .
all guest rooms feature a satellite tv and coffee - making facilities .
it boasts an on - site cafe , an indoor pool and guest rooms with free wi - fi .
las americas international airport is a 25 - minute drive away .
the nearest airport is zadar airport , 57 km from apartments julia .
set in winston - salem , this hotel offers rooms with 32 - inch flat - screen tvs and small pantry areas .
many of the studios at le couvent d ' herepian have south - facing terraces with views over herepian and the monts d ' orb area of the haut - languedoc regional natural park .
parking nearby is available on request .
they all feature a nespresso coffee machine with free nespresso coffee capsules .
set in senglea , one of the three cities opposite malta ’ s valletta which is 1 km away , sally port senglea offers a furnished sun terrace overlooking the grand harbour and free wi - fi throughout .
located in cusco ’ s historic centre , in front of san pedro market , antares mystic hotel offers free wi - fi and american breakfast . a terrace with panoramic views is featured .
guests will find a washing machine , dishwasher and tv .
there are lighter options including toast , cereals , fruit and yoghurt .
a personal reading light is provided for free , while towels can be rented for a fee .
you can relax on the flowery terrace or make use of the bbq facilities here at the family - run la torretta b & b .
guests of the aparthotel new day can relax at the sun terrace , while yoga and massage sessions are also provided .
it is located 14 km from castillon - la - bataille train station .
dubai marina mall is 7 km from hilton mall of the emirates , while the walk at jbr is 8 km from the property .
rooms have a flat - screen tv .
the nearest airport is puerto princesa airport , 2 km from we travelers inn .
each apartment will provide you with a tv , air conditioning and a living room .
the guest house is 12 . 5 km from forte dos reis magos and 23 . 3 km from genipabu lagoon .
set in london , this apartment is 900 metres from oxford street .
oceania drive 233 is a 5 - minute drive from kawana waters shopping centre and a 10 - minute drive from mooloolaba beach .
with a balcony offering mountain views , the air - conditioned rooms feature a flat - screen tv , minibar and safety deposit box .
room service is provided 24 hours a day .
guests at the property can take advantage of sun loungers by the pool and barbecue facilities .
the commercial and banking area is 100 metres away .
monmouth university is 20 . 2 km from atlantic motel .
each room here will provide you with a cable tv , a seating area and desk .
song han bridge is 700 metres from danang backpackers hostel , while cham museum is 1 . 1 km away .
the interiors of the onega castle hotel are inspired by ancient karelian folk patterns .
private parking is free .
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge , an ironing service and laundry facilities .
free wifi is provided .
mei lan xian ya ju inn is 1 . 5 km from baishamen park . it is 26 km from haikou railway station . haikou meilan international airport is about 27 km away .
guests choosing to dine in can do so at the restaurant on the first floor , which offers thai specialities .
luggage storage service is provided and airport transfers can be arranged .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with towels .
the closest beach is a 2 - minute walk from the kucica .
others offered at the property include luggage storage .
both sanjiaozhou island and coast hotspring resort are 5 km away .
the capital guest house is 6 km from gaborone train station and 8 km from gaborone game reserve .
there is free wi - fi on site , and all rooms have flat - screen tvs with digital channels and dvd players .
the holy trinity church built in 1880 is 1 km away .
you can walk to liceu , catalunya or jaume i metro stations in less than 5 minutes ’ walk .
the property is nearby the palenque archaeological zone .
belgrade central station ( 1 . 7 km ) and st . sava temple ( 2 . 6 km ) are within walking distance .
meals can be prepared in the well - equipped kitchen and enjoyed on the balcony during warm weather .
it features free wi - fi and soundproofed guest rooms with a flat - screen cable tv .
albergo il cacciatore offers large rooms and a terrace overlooking the umbrian valley .
boasting a pool and a sauna , villa das dunas guesthouse is located in natal ' s buzios beach .
it offers rooms with a patio with mountain views .
with good access to the a - 7 motorway , the hotel is a 25 - minute drive from nerja .
a complimentary airport transfer service is provided .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower and a hairdryer .
the property has ski storage space and free use of bicycles is available .
guests can relax in the shared lounge and free wifi is available on site .
twin pine motel is within a 50 - minute drive of lake of the ozarks , 160 km east of kansas city , and 240 km west of st . louis .
there is a full kitchen with teas and coffee , oven and a refrigerator , and the bathroom includes bathrobes and free toiletries .
offering an outdoor pool and a restaurant , la vallée de guéry is located in anse - bertrand , a 10 - minute drive from the caribbean sea . free wifi access is available in this lodge .
you will find a shared lounge at the property .
nadi airport is a 1 - hour drive away .
bajor panzió , a secluded apartment hotel , is set in large gardens featuring an outdoor swimming pool , large terrace with sun loungers and barbecue facilities .
various shops and restaurants are located nearby .
the nearest airport is tirana airport , 27 km from delta hotel & events .
the rooms feature cool tiled floors , and traditional furniture , including wrought - iron beds .
the unit is 6 km from lake krasnoye .
hotel stetind also has a pub with a large - screen tv .
free wifi access is available .
set 1 . 8 km from kazan arena in kazan , this apartment features free wifi . the apartment is 2 . 4 km from soyembika tower .
lavande hotel ( zhuhai gongbei port branch ) is a 10 - minute drive from new yuan ming palace and a 30 - minute drive from chime - long ocean kingdom .
the nearest airport is kithira airport , 28 km from the property .
decorated with stylish wooden furnishing , rooms at hotel cusco plaza ii are very bright .
business travelers will appreciate access to three meeting rooms , with the hotel able to accommodate 750 people for banquets and 700 for conferences .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out kijkduin beach ( 1 km ) and mesdag museum ( 3 . 0 km ).
free wifi access is available .
the kitchen is fitted with an oven and a toaster and there is a private bathroom .
each bedroom has an en suite bathroom .
all with wood - beamed ceilings and tuscan - style wooden furnishings , rooms are complete with a minibar and private bathroom with toiletries .
the kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher , an oven and a microwave , as well as a coffee machine .
the kitchen comes with a microwave .
several flea markets are in the direct surroundings of the bed and breakfast .
the reception desk at prince albert opéra is open 24 hours a day and free newspapers are available each day in the lobby area .
the bathroom comes with a bath or shower .
there is direct access to the underground car park and the adjacent hotel .
relax , regenerate , and enjoy a fine stay .
a short 10 - minute walk from the town ’ s shops and amenities , it offers free on - site private parking .
every apartment has a dining area , as well as a modern bathroom with a hairdryer and either bath or shower .
the kitchen is equipped with electric cooker , refrigerator , cooker hood , 120 l deep freeze , coffee brewer , microwave , washing machine , tumble dryer , dishwasher and vacuum cleaner .
barbecue facilities are also available .
the elegantly decorated rooms feature air conditioning , a flat - screen satellite tv and a minibar .
simply furnished , each air - conditioned room is equipped with a flat - screen cable tv , safe , fridge , electric kettle and seating area .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
shops , bars and restaurants are within 150 metres and salisbury playhouse is less than 10 minutes ’ walk from best western red lion hotel .
antwerp ' s concert hall , the sportpaleis , can be reached by metro in 8 minutes .
guests have access to the public lounge , kitchen and dining room .
there is also a kitchen , equipped with an oven . a toaster , a fridge and stovetop are also available , as well as a kettle .
rooms at colors house feature shared bathroom facilities , a kitchenette and a seating area .
free wifi access is available .
featuring free wi - fi , this hotel is located in tbilisi and offers air - conditioned rooms with satellite tv .
private parking is provided on site .
an oven and a fridge can be found in the kitchen and there is a private bathroom .
all apartments come with a kitchen and views of the mediterranean sea .
the accommodation is provided with a tv , a terrace and a seating area . there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher , a refrigerator , a washing machine and a microwave .
surrounded by hills , menaggio panoramica is a self - catering accommodation located in menaggio . the property boasts a balcony with lake views and is 6 km from villa carlotta .
alternatively , alfama features various restaurants and eateries within a 5 - minute walk .
the spacious and air - conditioned rooms at the old lady hotel feature satellite tv , a minibar , and a hairdryer .
located in gainesville , florida , this hotel offers free wifi access and a complimentary continental breakfast .
the bathroom is fitted with a bathtub with shower function .
other services include laundry and tour arrangements .
guests are welcome to prepare their own meals at the fully equipped kitchen .
all units will provide you with a tv and air conditioning .
the historic centre of portoferraio is a 10 - minute walk away .
set a 5 - minute walk from the centre of orvieto , b & b ippolito offers a terrace and air - conditioned accommodation with wooden furnishings .
guests of the hostel use the shared bathrooms .
set in matemwe in the zanzibar region , 36 km from zanzibar city , chui beach bungalows features a private beach area and guests can enjoy the on - site bar .
free wi - fi access is available throughout .
there are 2 restaurants and a bar .
bikes can be hired for exploring florence ’ s historical centre .
each room has individual reading lights and lockers .
the main bus station and train station of selcuk are both within 500 metres . ephesus airport is 2 . 6 km away .
quick silver ranch with miniature horses is within driving distance of the wine valley inn . red rock offers swimming and rock diving , just a short drive from the inn .
offering a year - round outdoor pool and barbecue , serene beach villa is situated in gili trawangan in the lombok region .
arenas blancas is 65 km from trelew ’ s airport .
situated only 450 metres from the mediterranean sea shores , this hotel features an outdoor pool with waterslides .
ellair maui golf club is 7 minutes ’ drive away . kihei town center shopping center is less than 5 minutes drive away from kihei surfside by maui and home .
at hotel - restaurant sonneneck you will find a garden . other facilities offered include luggage storage and a children ' s playground .
auberge bromont is less than 2 km from ski bromont .
you can visit some of galicia ’ s charming fishing towns such as sanxenxo , combarro or marín , which are less than 30 minutes ’ drive away .
hotel versey offers a free daily newspaper is also available .
a choice of english and continental breakfast is served at the restaurant , which also offers high teas and dinners .
guests have access to the business centre and coin - operated laundry facilities .
free wifi in public areas is available .
accommodation at pegasus opens out to a patio enjoying garden views .
the kitchenette includes a stove and a coffee machine , as well as kitchenware .
some rooms come with an open table and chairs with garden views .
the ötztal premium card is included in all rates from june to mid - october and offers free rides on the cable cars , lifts and buses , free guided hiking tours , free access to public baths and lakes and many more benefits .
skopje ’ s bus and train stations are a 15 - minute walk away , and skopje airport is 25 km away .
the surrounding area is ideal for gentle outdoor pursuits , such as cycling , fishing and hiking .
all rooms are equipped with a luxurious bathroom , a seating area and a work desk .
the bathroom in the apartment is fitted with a shower .
the property has a shared lounge / tv area , which allows for mingling of like - minded travellers .
the coastal towns of can picafort and alcudia are within a 30 - minute drive of the property .
the front desk is open throughout the day and its staff can arrange in - room meals for guests .
you can play table tennis and children can romp around on the provided playground . a large trampoline , a swing and a sandpit are available as well .
guests of the alain llorca can enjoy visits to the village of saint paul de vence and the beaches west of nice .
with a flat - screen tv , wardrobe and desk , the rooms have a shared bathroom . they come with an electric kettle .
free parking is available on site .
they feature free wired internet , flat - screen cable tv and a dvd player .
the bar offers live music on saturdays and public holidays .
guests are welcome to use the ski storage and free private parking facilities at gallin .
set 200 metres from the beach and 500 metres from the centre of slano , apartments mimoza provides self - catering accommodation fitted with accommodation and free wi - fi .
there are numerous shops , bars , and restaurants in the centre of azkoitia , and the nearest bus stop is a 20 - minute walk from the house .
hot park water park is 28 km away .
hiking paths are scattered throughout the area .
the kitchen comes with a dishwasher , an oven and a microwave , as well as a coffee machine .
restaurant menus are changed daily .
long beach is 4 miles away .
offering an indoor and an outdoor pool and a large garden , yaev hotel is set a 5 - minute drive from the centre of karlovo .
a buffet breakfast is served each morning in the breakfast room . it includes a variety of fresh fruits , breads and cold meats , as well as a selection of hot and cold drinks .
each room has a private bathroom and a balcony or a patio .
located right on the pebbled beach of gerolimenas , the stone - built pyrgoi theodorakaki : gerolimenas offers traditional accommodation with sea or mountain views .
breakfast is a sweet and savoury buffet .
it is served on the terrace overlooking the sea .
set in a tuscan stone farmhouse 12 km from the etruscan town of volterra , società agricola campaini offers a free seasonal pool . the property features traditional apartments with a patio facing the shared garden .
there is also a bar with live piano music .
each accommodation unit comes with a microwave .
located in livadia town of viotia , peridromos offers air - conditioned accommodation with free wi - fi .
baan sai yuan has an outdoor pool and a children ’ s pool .
the colosseum is 30 minutes ' walk away .
the unit is equipped with a kitchen .
guests can relax with soothing massages and aromatherapies at the award - winning angsana spa or enjoy a stroll on the white sandy beach .
located in northern texas , this motel is 12 miles from the hagerman national wildlife refuge .
travel arrangements can be made at the tour desk .
there is also a bar , children ’ s playground and bicycle rental service at pension casa drumetului .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out crooked house within 900 metres and pier in sopot 1 . 3 km away .
from the hotel , you can take a stroll to the triumphal arch hadrian ’ s gate ( dating back to the year 130 ), which is 100 metres away .
hotel della porta is located in the historic centre of santarcangelo di romagna , 9 km from the closest beach and a 10 - minute drive from the fiera di rimini exhibition centre .
the property boasts views of the garden and is 3 . 3 km from isola bianca harbour .
san pedro airport international airport is located 6 km away .
every room at this resort is air conditioned and is equipped with a tv with cable channels .
dinara ayurveda resort is located in hewaheta and offers comfortable stay .
church of the savior on spilled blood is 3 . 1 km from apartments on ligovsky 130 , while saint isaac ' s cathedral is 3 . 3 km from the property .
the bathroom is private and has a shower .
the apartment is a 10 - minute drive from the picturesque old town .
this property also has tennis courts , a gym , kid ’ s club , spa treatments and can arrange activities such as water sports .
this country house is 47 miles from london heathrow airport and 38 miles from london gatwick airport .
the university of michigan is a 25 - minute drive away .
free wifi is provided throughout the premises .
vending machines and a 24 - hour reception are offered for added convenience .
free wi - fi is provided in each room at tingle creek , as well as an en suite bathroom , tv and tea / coffee making facilities .
the horseshoe hammond casino can be reached in 30 minutes ’ drive .
domitilla ’ s catacombs and the baths of caracalla are 15 minutes ’ walk from villa geta .
the apartment features a seating area , private bathroom , cable tv and a fully equipped kitchen . sea views can be enjoyed from here .
viva maria apartments are located 3 km from central zakopane .
located in zaton , just steps away from a pebbly beach , apartment bonačić offers barbecue facilities and free wi - fi access .
the 2 private swimming beaches at the lake can be used free of charge by all guests .
air conditioning , a fridge and tv are standard in all of katerina apartments . each is furnished with classic , wooden furnishings .
naples is 26 km from b & b maison de charme iommella , while sorrento is 2 . 3 km from the property .
the guest rooms at beit al wali hotel are elegantly decorated with antique furniture and hand - crafted wooden ceilings .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
eden lodge is located in cape coast .
the friendly staff at casa pilar beach resort can assist with laundry and massage services upon request .
nazaré paulista reservoir is 20 km away .
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
free wifi access is available .
set 2 . 8 km from deer valley and 6 km from the canyons resort , 1115 lowell avenue offers accommodation in park city . the unit is 9 km from utah olympic park .
guest at the castello miramare can start the day with an italian buffet breakfast . breakfast can also be enjoyed in guests ’ rooms .
free wifi is provided throughout .
offering a barbecue and terrace , penzión strenk is located in jarabina in the prešovský kraj region .
activities in the surrounding area of la ruinette include skiing , cycling and hiking .
the family - run castello rosso hotel is situated in nea stira , just 1 . 5 km away from the town centre and 100 metres from the sea .
located on the edge of the main street , la caleta beach is 10 minutes ’ drive from la romana suites & residence .
elegantly furnished and air - conditioned rooms come with a flat - screen tv and a private bathroom fitted with a shower .
maisonettes and apartments also feature furnished balconies and a sitting area with fireplace .
situated in the patel complex , hotel royal park is 5 km from the kurla railway station .
hidatakayama art museum and yamazakura shrine are both a 15 - minute walk away .
parking in a private garage is provided at lake havasu city jamaican palms .
bassano del grappa is a 10 - minute drive away .
the nearest restaurant is 1 km away , while a grocery shop is available 1 . 5 km from the property .
set 11 km from barnstaple and 18 km from ilfracombe , lower benton offers accommodation in bratton fleming .
highlands reserve golf club is 13 minutes ' drive from the villa .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
brunico is a 30 - minute drive away .
fitted with hardwood flooring , fan - cooled rooms include a wardrobe , clothes rack , a desk , minibar and a tv with cable channels .
free parking is also provided .
this emblematic and stylish building maintains its legendary look since 1925 , which gives it the speciality monument status .
on - site massages are available for an additional fee with 24 - hour advance notice .
free wi - fi access is available throughout .
apartament prestige offers accommodation in the centre of the city with free wi - fi and parking in an underground garage .
it offers free wi - fi and parking .
lisbon international airport is 42 km away .
free private parking is possible on site .
each bright room features a flat - screen tv with touch - screen controls . they also come with a fridge , wardrobe and desk .
guests staying at the snowshoe mountain lodge can relax in the lobby by the fireside or visit the games room for entertainment .
offering a restaurant and a terrace , locanda miralago offers self - catering accommodation in pastrengo . free wifi access is available in all public areas .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with a bath and free toiletries .
the property offers free parking .
the en suite bathroom comes with a shower and toiletries .
guests can also use the kitchen at an extra cost .
thermal and wellness bath is located 4 . 5 km from the balog apartment .
they are each equipped with air conditioning , a tv and a private bathroom with a shower .
each air - conditioned guest room has satellite tv . all rooms have a balcony or terrace with views of the garden or pool .
the accommodation will provide you with a seating area and a flat - screen tv .
there is also a large dining hall with a dance floor for special events and parties .
the nearest airport is nassau international airport , 6 km from the property .
guests will be 6 . 9 km from blowing rock art and history museum .
each room at this inn is air - conditioned and has a flat - screen cable tv and a kettle .
located in landrecies , just next to the mormal forest , les charmilles de mormal offers facilities for business meetings and banquets .
the nearest airport is adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport , 15 km from the property .
you can enjoy a garden view from the room .
situated in the centre of kazincbarcika , ambrózia étterem és panzió offers air - conditioned rooms , a restaurant with hungarian and international cuisine and free private parking . wi - fi is available .
situated in rome ’ s buzzing trastevere neighbourhood , the relais star is 1 . 5 km from the piramide metro station .
lviv international airport is a 40 - minute drive from the hotel and mykolaiv – dnіstrovsky train station is also 4 km away .
the open - plan kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher , oven and microwave .
the vadodara airport is 8 km .
it features free internet , a restaurant , and air - conditioned rooms with views of the city .
a fitness centre with exercise machines and weights is also available on location .
rooms feature tatami ( woven - straw ) flooring and japanese futon bedding .
this property is 15 minutes ’ drive from the juan santamaría historic museum and 7 km from alajuela ’ s market .
the living room comes with a fireplace , fan and flat - screen tv .
guests can relax in the heated outdoor pool that is open during summer , or play table tennis in the centennial gardens .
the rashi is a 10 - minute walk from the seafront and 21 km from tel aviv airport .
the train station is just 1 km away .
extras include slippers and towels .
just 100 metres from joensuu city ’ s shopping centre and cinema , forenom ' s rooms offer a microwave and free wi - fi .
offering ski equipment and storage , v strugakh krasnykh guest house is located in natural surroundings in strugi - krasnyye .
the guest house also offers car hire .
for your comfort , you will find bathrobes , slippers and free toiletries .
laundry services can be arranged , and housekeeping is performed daily .
the property is 400 metres from palace of diocletian and 200 metres from gregory of nin .
multi - course meals with seasonal specialities are served for breakfast and dinner at nanten - en .
you can enjoy a garden view from the room .
old town square and the orloj astronomical clock are located 1 km from the apartments .
elounda bay palace offers a variety of beauty treatments .
guests can enjoy soothing massage treatment , go fishing , or conduct business at the business centre and on - site conference rooms .
featuring an outdoor swimming pool and 2 russian steam baths , this hotel is located in alatau village , 10 minutes ’ drive from almaty city .
these include wood floors , an lcd tv and private bathroom with a hairdryer and toiletries .
every morning , breakfast is served buffet style .
free wi - fi access is provided in the restaurant and on the terrace .
all rooms at the businesshotel rosenau include satellite tv , free wi - fi and a private bathroom .
the nearest airport is adler - sochi international airport , 23 km from room on volgogradskaya .
free bicycles are available at reception .
luang prabang international airport is a 15 - minute ride away .
gold coast airport is a 25 - minute drive away .
there is a fully equipped kitchen at the villa where guests can prepare their meals .
a tv and dvd player , as well as a laptop are available .
the hotel offers free wifi access and an on - site restaurant .
you will find restaurants , shops and banks within 5 minutes ́ walk .
lake molveno is 12 km from perlot marco appartamenti .
the hotel is set on the costa dorada , just 10 minutes ’ drive from historic tarragona .
some units have views of the pool or garden .
a continental breakfast is served daily .
it offers an outdoor swimming pool , a business centre and a tour desk . free private parking is possible .
offering rooftop views of florence ' s cathedral , little nest in santa croce provides self - catering accommodation 120 metres from piazza santa croce .
each accommodation also provides cable tv in the living room and an en suite bathroom at lae nani kauai by outrigger .
other facilities like grocery deliveries , chef service , dry cleaning and an ironing service are offered .
late check - out is available for an extra charge . wifi is available in rooms for a supplement .
rooms at the hampton inn and suites charlotte motor speedway boulevard - concord are equipped with cable tv and a coffee maker . the rooms provide a microwave and refrigerator .
innsbruck airport is 12 km away .
a continental breakfast is offered each morning .
free wi - fi access is available .
you can also take a boat trip to vienna , budapest or devín castle from a personal landing stage .
all rooms feature hardwood floors , wooden furniture , a seating area and a tv . each room comprises a private bathroom with a shower .
the nearest airport is dublin airport , 12 km from boudakhe guesthouse .
golfo aranci is a 20 - minute drive away .
kackar restaurant serves a range of international cuisine freshly prepared .
kusuma sari is a 10 - minute drive from tegenunan waterfall , bali bird park , and bali zoo . ubud monkey forest and ubud centre are a 20 - minute drive away .
queenstown motor lodge is located in central queenstown , a 3 - minute walk from wilderness railway station and gally museum .
featuring an outdoor swimming pool and a garden with bbq facilities , locanda bandini offers self - catering apartments in sigliano , a 10 - minute drive from città della pieve .
the nearest airport is leos janacek airport , 21 km from beskyd hotel .
there is also a kitchen , fitted with an oven .
there is also a bar on site with a variety of hot and cold beverages .
tourist information and luggage storage can be provided at the reception .
hotel čingov slovenský raj is located at the entrance to the famous slovak paradise national park , 6 km from spišská nová ves and the high tatras national park .
there is a seating area , a dining area and a kitchen as well as a private bathroom with free toiletries and a hairdryer .
each room also provides a private balcony , where you can enjoy the sunset .
each room is fitted with a flat - screen satellite tv , safety deposit box and telephone . a minibar and tea / coffee making facilities are included .
folklore museum of olympia is located nearby .
guests can make use of the shared barbecue facilities .
set in the small village of weitental , apartment reiterer offers accommodation 17 km from the closest lift of the gitschberg ski area . hiking and mountain biking trails start right on the doorstep .
a media room with an 80 - inch 3d tv with satellite channels and a movie collection is offered to guests of eldora lodge at wondervu .
some rooms have private balconies .
the four bedroom apartment has two bedrooms with double beds and two bedrooms with two single beds each .
grand hotel rzeszów is situated in central rzeszów , 1 km from rzeszów railway station .
you can play darts at the property , and free use of bicycles is available .
all units are air - conditioned and come with a flat - screen cable tv and a safe .
the hotel offers free wi - fi and heated rooms with countryside views .
each room has a private bathroom with a shower and a tv .
children can enjoy themselves in the play area , featuring a ball pit , playstation and wii .
a gift shop and a mini - market are set for your convenience .
just a short walk from psili ammos beach in karistos , this modern complex offers self - contained apartments with sea views and free wireless internet access .
sauna can be used for free and a massage can be booked .
surrounded by vast gardens in the heart of the colourful and blooming countryside , this hotel is the ideal place to relax and be immersed in nature .
a refrigerator and a work desk are included in every simply furnished room at the harmony house . a private en suite bathroom is offered in all rooms .
the b & b staff will help arrange area activities , such as canoeing , boating and fishing on lake magelungen .
free wifi is featured and free private parking is available on site .
bars and cafés are just a 3 - minute walk away .
xuan huong lake is 2 . 4 km from himalaya phoenix dalat hotel , while dalat flower gardens is 3 . 1 km from the property .
it features a private cinema and an outdoor swimming pool . free wi - fi access is available .
it also has thai and western dishes for lunch and dinner .
tallinn train station is 750 metres away .
the property also offers packed lunches .
relaxation options at the hotel include a hot tub , a turkish bath and a sauna . there is also a modern gym featuring cardiovascular equipment and free weights .
free wifi is provided in the entire property .
the en suite bathroom includes a shower and free toiletries .
leisure facilities include a mini golf course , a shared tv lounge and a playground with a bouncy castle .
a shower is fitted in the bathroom .
the on - site car parking is on a first - come , first - served basis .
other facilities like dry cleaning , an ironing service and a laundry are offered .
just 20 metres from a forest and lake , this peaceful hotel in novosibirsk features local cuisine .
saint - emilion is 40 km away .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with free toiletries .
free private parking is available on site .
on request and for a surcharge , groceries can be delivered right to the chalet ́ s doorstep .
public parking is available in the surrounding area .
make yourself comfortable in the informal ambience and soak up the peaceful green surroundings .
check - in takes place directly at your apartment to save you time .
free wi - fi is available throughout .
brīvdienu māja pasaku namiņš is a holiday home with a terrace , set in dundaga .
car and motorbike rentals are also provided .
bike hire and car hire are available at this bed and breakfast and the area is popular for cycling and hiking .
the quiet lounge has an honesty bar and a selection of guidebooks where guests can plan their stay in cornwall .
free wifi is provided .
accommodation will provide you with a flat - screen tv , air conditioning and a seating area . there is a kitchen with a microwave and a refrigerator .
a flat - screen cable tv is included in each contemporary guest room at holiday inn lethbridge . a microwave , refrigerator , and coffee - making facilities are provided .
all units feature a seating and dining area .
universal studios is 5 . 4 km away , while ucla is 6 . 5 km from the property .
silver hills motel queenstown is 5 minutes ’ walk from galley museum , 5 minutes ’ drive from queenstown airport and 40 minutes ’ drive from central strahan .
sheets are included in the rate and you can rent towels at reception .
free wifi access is available .
some rooms also feature a spa bath .
the owner helps to organise various excursions and outdoor activities .
you can enjoy city views from the room .
it offers a restaurant , outdoor pool and game viewing opportunities .
hotel aashiana bathinda offers a free airport shuttle service to bathinda airport , a 28 - minute drive away .
the apartment comes with a tv , air conditioning and fully equipped kitchen with an oven and microwave .
a buffet breakfast is served each morning in the breakfast room . it includes a variety of fresh fruits , breads and cold meats , as well as a selection of hot and cold drinks .
le mas de la verrerie guest house , located in les adrets de l ' estérel , is surrounded by woodland and hills , with panoramic views of the estérel mountain range .
the hotel has a restaurant , serving regional cuisine .
in summer , outdoor seating is available .
mendelsohn - bartholdy - park underground station on the u2 line is within a 10 - minute walk .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling , fishing and hiking .
featuring a swimming pool with views of the chianti hills , antica pieve b & b offers tuscan - style rooms with air conditioning and free wi - fi .
the accommodation offers a tv , air conditioning and a terrace .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings including swimming , stand - up paddle boarding , kayaking and walks on the beach .
each unit contains a private bathroom with a shower or a tub , and offers a view of the vineyards or the hotel garden .
the suites provide sofa beds .
at sunset beach apart you will find barbecue facilities .
free private parking is possible on spot .
the guest rooms at hotel red strela all have parquet floors and high ceilings .
the nearest airport is pula airport , 36 km from apartment tinjan o - 534 .
the property is 24 km from igoumenitsa town .
you can find a restaurant 1 km from the grain bauernhof , while a supermarket is 5 km away .
the nearest airport is rome ciampino airport , 14 km from campitelli apartment .
it features an outdoor pool and free wi - fi in public areas .
the rooms in hotel coral feature private bathrooms and cable tv .
the fully equipped kitchen comes with a dishwasher and microwave .
with simple décor , every room in hotel santo antônio has air conditioning and a work desk .
each air conditioned room at super 8 bishop offers an en suite bathroom .
only 800 metres from golden beach , hotel surya garden offers rooms with either a fan or air conditioning .
room service is also available .
this property set in a typical building of salento area has a paved terrace .
there is an outdoor swimming pool and free public parking is available on site .
apartamentos nonna sophia is a self - catering accommodation located in praia do rosa . free wifi access is available .
golf de rennes is located 6 km away from the property and domaine de cice blossac golf course is just 2 km away .
banquet and meeting facilities are also available .
giarre is a 10 - minute drive from the property .
located just 100 metres walk from ulitsa 1905 goda metro station in moscow city , this guest house features fully equipped rooms with free wifi . the moscow expo centre is within an 8 - minute drive from the property .
many restaurants and bars can be reached on foot from the central in neu - isenburg .
the central park , coffee shops , restaurants and shops can be reached in a 2 - minute walk . the medieval stronghold of tsarevets hill and castle is 1 . 5 km away .
at casa da vera you will find a shared kitchen .
this suburban hotel is also has a variety of popular restaurants and cocktail lounges located within a one - mile radius .
zermatt train station is 1 . 3 km away .
tennis courts can be found within a 200 - metre reach .
guests are welcome to use the shared kitchen facilities or use the barbecue facilities for an extra fee .
offering a garden and barbecue , les gîtes de flandre is set in villers - sur - authie , 13 km from the coast .
the modern , spacious rooms have a flat - screen satellite tv . some have a seating area , and the private bathroom comes with a hairdryer .
a business centre with fax and photocopying services is available to guests of days inn and suites anaheim .
refreshing drinks and beverages are served on the beach .
room service is available .
hanover train station is an 8 - minute walk away and the main shopping area is a 2 - minute walk away .
set in colombo , 3 . 6 km from asiri surgical hospital , marine six hotel features free wifi access and free private parking . it has an on - site restaurant .
all rooms include a private bathroom .
there are lounges in the one bedroom apartments , which feature a flat - screen tv with a wide range of channels .
international cuisine is served at the hotel ’ s restaurant , and the property also has a full - service bar .
villa mask also includes a barbecue .
victory square with antipa and geology museums , is 1 . 5 km away , while the old town with lipscani street can be reached within 4 km .
in summer , free entry to the kössen , walchsee and reit im winkl adventure pools is offered .
the cathedral , ice rink , shops and restaurants of the historic city can all be reached in around 15 minutes or less on foot .
it has a modern kitchen with oven , microwave , fridge and dishwasher , and a dining area .
jacob villa features free wifi .
free wifi and a ski storage room are available .
the banderitsa offers much more besides hotel rooms - a café , a restaurant , an irish pub and a summer terrace , providing exceptionally tasty and diverse food and drinks .
there is an outdoor swimming pool .
the central park and the copán ruins museum are 100 metres from the property , while the copán church is 200 metres away .
within walking distance from the harbour and main shops , san angel suites is located in the pedregal area of cabo san lucas .
bathrooms come with a shower , bathrobe and hairdryer .
rimini fellini airport is just a 15 - minute walk away .
certain units feature views of the mountains or river .
there is a private bathroom with a bath .
offering an outdoor pool , country house la encina is located in arriate . free wifi access is available in this country house .
decorated in shades of warm apricot , each luxurious unit comes with a minibar , a seating area with a sofa , a work desk and a wardrobe .
featuring a spa area and a restaurant offering austrian and international specialities , hotel bergblick is located a 5 - minute walk from grän ’ s centre .
all rooms have bright colour schemes and views of the surrounding countryside .
free range eggs are also served and have been freshly laid by chickens on the property .
the apartment is 2 . 1 km from monument to victims of political repression .
bathrooms and toilets are shared while towels are available at an additional charge .
some units also have a kitchen , equipped with an oven .
the nearest airport is rostock airport , 16 km from the property .
barcelona airport can be reached in an hour ' s drive , while girona can is 40 minutes away by car .
the nearest airport is bratislava airport , 7 km from the property .
additional facilities include a flat - screen tv and an i - pod docking station .
the apartment at city center includes a living room with a sofa bed and flat - screen cable tv .
room service is available .
free wifi is featured throughout the property and free private parking is available on site .
the elm hill marina 4 minutes ’ drive away .
other facilities at nel verde di roma include a sun terrace .
only a few steps from matsumoto castle , backpackers matsumoto no yado features free wi - fi , japanese - style dorm rooms overlooking the castle or garden and a free - use kitchen . it has a common lounge , a garden and drinks vending machines .
the grão vasco museum and viseu cathedral are just a 2 - minute walk away .
the property offers free parking .
bournemouth airport is 6 km away .
barbecue facilities can be used by guests , as well as a snack bar and an on - site café .
the air - conditioned rooms are decorated with earthy tones and include a flat - screen tv . they also have a fridge , a safety deposit box and a bathroom with a hairdryer .
each room in this property has heating , 1 double or 3 single beds , and a tv .
the main train station is a 1 . 5 km away .
the apartment also features a flat - screen tv , air conditioning and a fully equipped kitchen with a microwave and oven .
willa ornak is 1 . 7 km from the zakopane train station and free on - site parking is also provided .
based on orhan pamuk ' s famous novel , the museum of innocence is 200 metres .
the pretty coastal town of sitges is 35 minutes ’ drive away , and you can drive to central barcelona in around 45 minutes .
the main town and port of corfu are 25 km away .
featuring a private swimming pool , villa lemes is located in a residential area in playa blanca .
each comfortable room features a satellite tv , air conditioning and free wi - fi .
the property offers free parking and free shuttle to the airport .
rooms have air conditioning , a flat - screen tv , and an en suite bathroom .
waihi beach is 20 minutes ' away .
located right next to the beach in stobreč , guesthouse ark offers air - conditioned apartments and rooms with free wifi access available .
burgas international airport is 26 km away .
la peschiera is a luxury 5 - star hotel on the adriatic sea in monopoli .
all rooms at the sabolini have satellite tv , minibar and private bathroom .
free bicycles are available to discover the area and you can also visit the farm .
the guest house is 2 km from lazarevskaya train station .
the property offers free parking .
the hotel features a state - of - the - art gym , free shuttle service and award - wining restaurant .
eko4rent apartments apolo is located in central torrevieja , 1 km from the nearest beach .
they all have a terrace or balcony and a comfortable seating area .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
suites have a separate living room and a minibar .
the ski lift tanvaldský špičák is 3 km from the property , whilst the reservoir jablonecká can be found within a range of 5 km .
the kitchen provides appliances such as an oven and a fridge , and a small dining area is available .
there is a full a kitchenette with a refrigerator and kitchenware .
gaudí ’ s casa batlló and la pedrera are within 15 minutes ’ walk of the property .
hildesheim train station is a 5 - minute drive away from the stadtresidenz hildesheim . the a7 motorway is just 3 minutes away .
breakfast in the room is possible upon request .
galicky dvir hotel is located 250 metres from the lake svityaz .
the apartment is surrounded by a garden , and consists of a fully equipped kitchenette with a dishwasher , a bedroom , and a living room with a sofa . the bathroom is complete with a washing machine and shower .
opening onto a terrace and a small tropical garden , this stylish hotel offers charming rooms with italian bed linen and towels , flat - screen tvs , and tea and coffee - making facilities .
brussels is a 20 - minute train ride from the hotel and brussels airport is 15 minutes away by train .
chromepet railway station is 17 . 2 km away .
it offers free wi - fi and a traditional restaurant serving high - quality cuisine .
the train station is a 12 - minute walk away .
all rooms include a seating area and a tv with cable channels .
rooms are fitted with a private bathroom with a bath or shower and bidet , with slippers provided .
yeosu expo train station ( jeolla line ) is a 3 - minute drive and yeosu airport is a 30 - minute drive away .
a guest launderette is provided at the pet - friendly suites albuquerque midtown la quinta inn & suites .
located in qingdao ’ s central business district , qingdao 52 square meter apartment hotel offers service apartments with free internet and kitchens .
brazos bend state park is 18 miles away .
it includes 2 private bathrooms .
the henry b . gonzalez - san antonio convention center is 18 miles away .
the lippischer hof is close to all of detmold ’ s historic attractions , such as detmold castle , the open - air museum , the theatre and the hermannsdenkmal ( monument ).
leidseplein and the jordaan district can be reached by taking tram 10 .
free wi - fi access is available .
hotel boomerang is located in valverde , the capital of the small canary island of el hierro .
the rooms boast modern decor and include custom - made toiletries and bathrobes .
this hotel is located in the centre of yekaterinburg , just a 2 - minute walk from dinamo metro station .
set amidst tropical gardens , just 50 metres from marmari beach , the 4 - star sandy beach features a freshwater swimming pool , a poolside bar and a restaurant . facilities also include an open - air theatre , a fitness centre and a lounge room with satellite tv .
each room has simple furnishings , traditional wood - beamed ceilings and tiled floors .
you can enjoy a garden view .
the breakfast is served daily in the dining room .
all come with a tv , cd player and well - stocked minibar .
the air - conditioned apartments at les venitiennes have a telephone , tv and private bathroom .
guests may relax in the shared sauna . a shared swimming pool with a sun terrace and a small fitness centre are available for those who wish to keep fit .
every room , studio and suite is equipped with a flat - screen cable tv , safe , minibar and an electric kettle .
enjoy regional specialities at la sibilla restaurant and relax after a busy day .
rooms with a private bathroom also include air conditioning .
a flat - screen tv is provided .
breakfast is served in the common breakfast room at the belvedere guest house , at an additional cost .
hotel serenella is set in the zortea neighbourhood of canal san bovo , 25 km from the brocon pass ski area .
guests enjoy fresh flowers and freshly ground coffee .
it offers affordable air - conditioned rooms with cable tvs and free wi - fi .
several supermarkets , bakeries and bars can be found within a 5 - minute walk of the calabria apartments .
located in the historic town of dover , in new hampshire ' s renowned seacoast region , this hotel provides friendly service along with many modern conveniences , such as free high - speed internet access .
at new land house 1 you will find a 24 - hour front desk .
the property features a lovely garden and a barbecue area with outdoor seating .
the modern , air - conditioned rooms feature flat - screen satellite tv and free wi - fi .
each room comes with a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
oriental and international dishes are served at amira restaurant , while a buffet breakfast is served at amani café daily .
solanki medical spa is located 1 km from the centre of inowrocław and the inowrocław railway station .
free wifi is featured throughout the property .
the homemade buffet breakfast at the santo includes a wide selection of hot and cold dishes .
the property offers free parking .
nk ' mip canyon desert golf course is 2 . 8 km away from this motel .
offering a heated outdoor swimming pool , the stella di mare golf hotel offers a multitude of facilities including a thalasso spa with heated indoor and outdoor pool .
hotel xalet la coromina is located in the centre of the town of viladrau , in the montseny nature reserve .
a business centre can also be accessed by those guests that like to take care of business .
all en suite rooms are air - conditioned and are equipped with a satellite flat - screen tv .
wachenheim ( pfalz ) train station is 1 km from the guest house .
it offers rooms , studios and apartments surrounded by the lush garden .
all rooms at hostel onda azul have impressive views of the mountains and garden .
some rooms have a view of the lake and include a spa bath .
massages can be arranged .
the restaurant serves traditional cuisine with regional specialities . barbecue dishes can also be enjoyed .
guests are invited to prepare their own home - cooked meals and snacks in the fully equipped kitchen , complete with dishwasher and microwave .
guests can relax in the property ' s spa center .
a flat - screen tv is featured in the living area .
a continental breakfast with home - made breads and regional jams can be enjoyed daily .
santa maria di leuca is a 10 - minute drive away .
black jack ' s crossing golf course is 25 minutes ' drive from the property .
the vuokatti ski slopes are 2 km away .
each room has a tv . some rooms feature a seating area for your convenience . all rooms are equipped with a private bathroom .
surrounded by nature , can tolo boasts an outdoor pool , garden and a large furnished terrace with barbecue facilities .
berry and mushroom picking are possible in the surroundings . an array of activities are offered in the area , such as cycling and fishing .
hotel zenu is located in monteria , just steps away from the sinu river .
the blue flag - listed miami beach is 500 metres away . tivat airport is 69 km from apartments art .
some rooms provide a sofa in the seating area , and a bathtub in the attached bathroom .
a beachfront property on koh samui ’ s bangrak beach , samui lodge & home resort features air - conditioned rooms and a thai restaurant .
towels and bed linen are offered in this apartment .
further facilities at studios in complex elit 4 include a garden with benches , an on - site shop and a playground .
wifi is offered in some public areas for free .
aside from a business centre , the resort provides free parking .
guests can cook in the kitchenette equipped with fridge , stove and electric kettle , and continental breakfasts are provided upon request .
it is just an 8 - minute walk to the centre of lourmarin village and its castle .
bayterek monument is 3 . 5 km from baraev hostel , while congress hall is 1 . 2 km from the property .
bicycles can be borrowed for free on site while boats are available to rent .
canoeing , hiking and skiing opportunities are all nearby this holiday rental home .
free wifi access is available throughout this property .
the property offers free private parking .
some feature hand - painted wooden furniture .
the rooms include a private bathroom fitted with a shower .
the majestic restaurant serves indian and international cuisine .
wifi in public areas is free .
guests can choose between the beach and the outdoor pool . the pool has sun loungers and offers views of the beach .
myrtle beach city centre is 3 miles away .
set amidst a lush 10 , 000 - m2 area of purple bougainvillea and geraniums , the cycladic - style agnandi is located on a hill above the new port of mykonos .
at casa bianca holiday home , guests are provided with a patio .
at holiday home sukkertoppen rømø xi you will find a sauna and a hot tub .
every room comes with a tv and a private bathroom with shower , toilet and free toiletries .
located in 2 historic buildings on a hillside in the marin headlands section of the golden gate national recreation area , this eco - friendly hostel is located across from the golden gate bridge .
it offers mediterranean villas , each with a covered patio .
the house at the casa rosa has a kitchen with an oven and a refrigerator .
the o2 is 3 . 9 miles away .
the hotel offers a daily breakfast buffet from 06 : 30 .
located in casablanca , this air - conditioned apartment features a balcony with city views . the unit is 600 metres from acime supermarket .
all air conditioned , rooms feature a fridge and a private bathroom with hairdryer and shower . rooms have wrought - iron bed or a bed with antique headboard .
a coffee maker and work desk are provided in the traditionally decorated rooms at super 8 middletown .
gorny vozdukh train station is 3 . 5 km away , and sochi international airport is 47 km from the property .
it is located in an attic and has a seating area with a flat - screen tv and dvd player .
rooms feature a balcony and shared bathroom with hairdryer .
centrally located at the heart of mumbai , hotel landmark fort is just 22 km away from chhatrapati international airport .
the private bathroom is complete with a hairdryer and a washing machine is also provided .
there is a well - equipped business centre as well , allowing you to check work updates .
located 2 km from honfleur , le clos st germain provides a self - catering holiday home surrounded by a 1500 m2 landscaped garden and views of the surrounding valley .
manzanares is an hour ’ s drive from the property .
natura yado is a 5 - minute drive from uron - no - saki and a 10 - minute drive from the ama coast .
haus am meer ’ s restaurant features wooden beams and an open fireplace .
it offers wellness facilities , plus a free shuttle to the schnalstal slopes , 10 km away .
the nearest airport is budapest liszt ferenc airport , 17 km from the property .
phuket international airport is approximately 90 km away .
al manaf ’ s restaurant serves a variety of international cuisines .
it is 15 km from new delhi railway station and indira gandhi international airport .
overlooking nahuel huapi lake in bariloche , rochester bariloche tempts guests with its heated interconnecting indoor and outdoor pool and relaxing massages in the spa .
cosy air - conditioned rooms have plenty of natural light . all are well equipped with a flat - screen cable tv , minibar and personal safe .
on - site car hire service also makes nearby attractions , such as chichen itza , and ek - balam , easily accessible .
forrest - park marjan is perfect for hiking , picnics and long walks and can be reached in 1 km .
it provides a cable tv and safety deposit boxes .
free wi - fi is provided in all rooms .
free on - site parking is available as well .
the property also features a relaxing porch furnished with chairs and tables .
u capu biancu is a 15 minute drive from bonifacio in southern corsica .
simple - style rooms at the majorca hotel all come with a tv , safe and air conditioning .
in the heart of freeport village , maine , within walking distance of over 100 shops , this hotel offers on - site dining options and guestrooms with free wireless internet access .
the nearest airport is saratov tsentralny airport , 47 km from the property .
you ' ll be just 500 metres from ponte vecchio , florence ' s most famous bridge over the river arno .
les patios du marais offers elegant - style studios and a floral patio .
each room includes a flat - screen tv .
viterbo is a 40 - minute drive away .
featuring free wifi and a patio with pool views , mariel villa 4584 is a villa , set in kissimmee . the property features views of the garden and is 1 . 6 km from 192 flea market .
several shops , bars and restaurants can be found within a few minutes ́ walking distance .
it features free parking space on site and provides full kitchen facilities .
guests benefit from balcony and a terrace . free wifi is offered throughout the property .
the national pantheon and cathedral are a 20 - minute walk from the apartment , as well as the flea market in campo de santa clara , held on tuesdays and saturdays .
this stylish self - catering apartment features contemporary art and includes an open plan kitchen , lounge and dining area .
the train station is a 30 - minute car drive away .
each has a tv and hairdryer .
only 300 metres from the famous st mark ’ s square in venice , 3 - star hotel anastasia features nicely furnished rooms with free wi - fi and a flat - screen tv . la fenice theatre is a 5 - minute walk away .
offering a restaurant , au aon guesthouse is located in ko tao .
funchal city is 9 km from vivenda belo horizonte and madeira airport is 11 km away .
several shopping malls are located minutes away . a variety of restaurants , entertainment options and cocktail lounges are located in the surrounding area .
a private bathroom with hairdryer is also standard .
located in the picturesque fishing village of mandre , dvorski offers self - contained accommodation with sea views .
six flags great adventure and six flags hurricane harbor water parks are within 30 minutes ’ drive of best western leisure inn .
free private parking is available on site .
free parking is offered on site at the marietta americas best value inn . laundry facilities are available and the front desk is staffed 24 / 7 .
selected rooms include a private balcony .
located 4 . 3 km from paihia , tuis nest offers accommodation in opua .
you can engage in various activities , such as fishing and hiking .
situated just 4 miles from the heritage town of ardara , the cosy ardara cottage offers coastal views .
malmö airport is 28 km from abbekås golfrestaurang & hotell .
a fridge and tv are included in all rooms at the julia hotel .
free private parking is also available at this aparthotel .
the yangtze boutique shanghai is a 40 - minute drive to shanghai disneyland .
from the balcony , the apartment has a view onto a garden square .
the nearest metro station , służew is within 4 km .
hawthorne town centre and joe ’ s tavern casino inc are within 6 minutes ’ walk away from this motel .
the property is 11 km from brioudre train station and 20 km from motorway a75 .
in the afternoons , take a seat in the beer garden or café and enjoy freshly made cakes .
set on a polder in the green heart of the netherlands , tulip inn bodegraven is off the a12 motroway , halfway between utrecht and rotterdam .
guests staying 7 nights or more enjoy free use of 1 parasol and 2 sun loungers at the beach .
free wifi access is available in all public areas .
parking is available onsite .
a hearty buffet breakfast is included in the price at rixbecker alpen - hotel koch .
with panoramic mountain and valley views , hotel girlanerhof is 3 km outside the centre of appiano sulla strada del vino .
located 6 . 7 km from eden island marina , armony residence holiday apartment offers accommodation in mahe .
guests can choose to swim at the hotel ’ s swimming pool , offering pool bar , or at the nearby beach .
free guest parking is available .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out sanctuary of atotonilco 10 km away .
guests can prepare their own meals at hyères palace .
the studio comprises a seating area with a sofa and a flat - screen satellite tv as well as a fully equipped kitchenette with a fridge , a microwave and a dining table .
daily maid service is available .
it has attractive rooms with free wifi and cable tv .
guests can benefit from a continental breakfast with croissants , jams and seasonal fruits .
the restaurant serves italian and austrian cuisine .
this centennial house has been completely renovated and retains its original features .
amami rental car is located across the street from the property , from which guests can drive to the ohama seaside park in 10 minutes or to the mangrove park in 30 minutes .
guests can also take a sip of local sake .
the pont nou bridge over the river segre is 10 minutes ’ walk away , while the bustling plaça del mercadal square , which holds a market on saturdays , is 900 metres away .
the accommodation comprises a terrace .
the unit is 400 metres from gdańsk .
fort amsterdam is less than 4 . 5 km from the hotel .
located in jasper national park , this property offers a guest suite furnished with a microwave and a refrigerator .
boasting excellent public transport connections , it is a great base for exploring koblenz ́ s old town .
located on the beachfront of costa del sol beaches , casa 11 holiday home offers an outdoor pool and terrace with a sea view .
het tweede leven benefits from a peaceful location in the countryside in gaveren , and offers free wifi throughout the bed and breakfast , a garden with a shared terrace and free barbecue facilities .
a cable car links ponte di legno with passo del tonale during both summer and winter .
imperial valley mall is 7 minutes ’ walk away .
located in the appio latino district in rome , this air - conditioned apartment is 2 . 4 km from porta maggiore .
this is one of the few sand beaches on the island and is considered by many as one of the best beaches for the practice of surfing .
guests enjoy wonderful countryside views , satellite tv and a minibar .
the en suite bathroom has free toiletries and a shower .
l ' ostello is in gambettola ' s viale carducci , a free parking area a short drive from the centre of cesena .
the albanese candy factory is 25 minutes ’ drive away .
boasting a prime location in shengli plaza , dalian bohai pearl hotel is situated opposite victory square and offers comfortable rooms with free internet access . it features an indoor swimming pool , 3 dining options and free parking .
some of the units offer a sea view .
select rooms come with a fan and a tv , while others feature air conditioning and a mini bar .
a hairdryer and a bath are provided in the bathroom .
the stylish kitchens come with granite counters and stainless steel appliances .
free public parking is available on site .
port elizabeth airport is a 8 - minute drive away .
it offers air - conditioned apartments with a kitchenette and balcony .
simferopol train station is 63 . 8 km away , and simferopol international airport is 74 km from elling guest house .
there is a seating area and a kitchen complete with an oven , a fridge and a stovetop .
private bathrooms also come with a shower .
the accommodation is equipped with a seating and dining area .
there is also a private garage that fits 1 small vehicle , available from june to september .
all comfortably furnished rooms at the hotel gundl alm feature elegant wooden furnishings , a flat - screen tv .
the main bus and train station is 300 metres away .
they also feature air conditioning and heating .
a hairdryer and free toiletries are included .
surrounded by forests , horska chata is situated on top of the pancir hill , with a ski lift nearby .
a buffet - style breakfast of sweet and savoury products is available .
sun loungers are offered at the swimming pool area .
at forcus cabanas , guests may rent a bicycle / car to explore the area , while the tour desk can assist with sightseeing and water sports arrangements .
other facilities offered at the property include ski equipment hire and ski pass vendor .
waterford golf club is 2 . 5 miles away .
a mini market can be found within a short walking distance from the property . tsogkas is 24 km from both igoumenitsa port and the picturesque parga town .
chimney rocks park and recreation area is 2 km away .
the town centre is 500 metres from the guest house , the aquacentrum jičín is 1 km away and the golf club jičín is 2 km from the property .
st . pete forum sports arena is 6 blocks from the sheraton tampa riverwalk and the florida aquarium is a 5 - mintue drive from the hotel .
salzburg can be reached within 36 minutes by car and mondsee is a 20 - minute drive away .
los angeles memorial coliseum 5 . 6 km away .
there is a children ’ s playground and free private parking on site .
guests enjoy a complimentary valet service and free golf buggy hire .
located on the beach , this orange beach self - catering apartment includes a full kitchen and small balcony .
lake ontario park is 3 km away .
a continental breakfast is available each morning at hôtel saint louis . guests can also enjoy traditional french food and pizzas in the restaurant .
the malinalco museum is 800 metres away and 1 hour ’ s drive from the toluca international airport .
its wellness centre includes a pool with hydromassage features and gym .
only a 5 - minute drive from haitang bay international shopping complex , shangri - la ’ s sanya resort & spa features luxurious accommodation with well - equipped modern facilities .
offering a sun terrace and views of the mountains , ta spitakia tis ifigeneias is set in platanos village .
tapas and roasted meat dishes are offered .
a free shuttle to the nearest station hürth - kalscheuren is available during certain trade fairs at the koelnmesse exhibition centre .
it offers free wi - fi , communal bbq facilities and rooms with a microwave .
private parking is available at the krone for an extra fee .
a supermarket and a restaurant are reachable within a 2 - minute walk .
for your comfort , you will find free toiletries and a hair dryer .
cunda ' s centrum is 1 . 5 km , and ayvalik city centre is 2 km from the property .
free wi - fi is available throughout the building .
local attractions include hull arena , the humber bridge , the waterfront and the deep aquarium .
the mukammal is a 15 - minute walk from astana ’ s opera and ballet theatre .
it serves modern australian cuisine using local produce , such as steak , seafood and pasta .
the kitchen has a dishwasher , an oven and a microwave , as well as a coffee machine and a kettle .
it features many shops , restaurants and cafés .
the nearest airport is pulkovo airport , 16 km from adagio on nevsky prospect .
a local bus stop is just 20 metres from hotel perla , and the resort of nessebar is 5 km away .
the private bathrooms include a shower and free toiletries , and beach towels are also provided .
embassy of the united states is 3 km away .
the centre of reith is a 5 - minute walk away and the guest house features ski - to - door access .
a rich breakfast buffet is available every morning .
the robert crown wilderness area is 2 miles from downtown new port richey . the richey suncoast theatre is 1 minute away .
all of them feature air conditioning and cable tvs .
just 9 km away , you find the mys dobroy nadezhdy water park and berdyansk leisure park .
brīvdienu māja vīteri is located in a secluded area on the lakefront in rēzekne .
a small library with german and italian books is also available . free private parking is possible on site .
central pori is 52 km away .
taksim metro , which allows easy access to other central and historic sites of the city , is also within a walking distance .
tida dining shinsaishin serves chinese dishes and a breakfast buffet featuring local vegetables .
fax and photocopying services are provided .
the apartments also provide a seating area , a fully equipped kitchenette with dishwasher , and a private bathroom with shower or bath tub and bathrobes .
most of the apartments feature panoramic sea views .
breakfast consists of homemade cakes , cold meats and local cheeses .
free private parking is possible on site .
guests will find several restaurants and shopping facilities in saig town centre , which can be reached in a 5 - minute walk .
houston city centre is 30 miles from the hotel .
the property offers free parking .
each has en suite bathroom with shower facilities .
the property is 26 km from klaipėda and boasts views of the garden .
private parking is available on site .
you will find a shared lounge and shops at the property .
the malcesine cable car , with connections to the monte baldo ski slopes , is 200 metres from the hotel .
located a 4 - minute walk from hapjeong subway station ( line 2 and 6 ), this hostel features a shared kitchen , a common lounge and free wifi in all areas .
conveniently located in safranbolu , safranbolu konağı is set in an old building which features a traditional architecture .
the apartment is 2 . 2 km from cacao beach .
guestrooms at muine lotus resort feature panoramic views of the ocean and muine beach .
room service is available .
villa le matin is located in konstancin - jeziorna , 20 km from the centre of warsaw .
sheremetyevo international airport is a 35 - minute ride with aeroexpress train from belorussky train station , which is a 20 - minute metro ride from hostel na preobrazhenke .
facilities include a tennis court , horses , restaurant and sauna .
the property is 200 metres from moscova metro stop , with links to milan centrale train station .
it provides a business centre , free parking and air - conditioning rooms with free wired internet .
when back unwind by the swimming pool of hotel mirabeau .
it is a 6 - minute walk from verneuil - sur - avre train station .
the property is 2 . 5 km from laguna phuket golf club and 900 metres from phuket adventure mini golf .
bikes can be rented for free .
towels and bed linen are featured at guest house galitsino .
all have a living room with satellite tv and 2 sofa beds .
the guest rooms have tea / coffee facilities , a minibar and non - allergenic pillows and duvets .
surrounded by pine trees , mare e festa is located in solenzara and a 3 - minute walk from the beach .
gorgeous brunswick is a holiday home located in the heart of vibrant , eclectic hove , just off the seafront and a short walk from hove ' s high quality shops , cafés , restaurants and bars .
the property is ideally located for local countryside walks , bird sanctuaries , fishing and cycling routes .
this hotel is just off i - 45 and 17 miles from downtown houston .
in summer , al fresco dining is possible on the terrace .
cable tv is offered in every room at old kentucky home motel , along with a coffee machine .
a train station is set 800 metres away and a fishing lake is reachable within 1km .
recognised as a historical residence , l ' antico pozzo ’ s impressive medieval heritage has been carefully preserved .
in the garden you will find tables and chairs , where you can relax and enjoy the peaceful scenery .
zeko rozat guesthouse is 8 km from dubrovnik city centre and 10 km from banje beach . arborteum trsteno is 12 km away .
there are only 7 steps leading up to the apartment , making it also ideal for older guests .
jr kyoto train station is a 15 - minute subway ride away .
this family - run property offers spacious apartments with air conditioning and a tv .
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and a refrigerator .
guests are welcome to try fine baden wines and homemade brandy here .
each unit has a private bathroom with a shower .
the hotel is open all year round and is the ideal place all those wishing to take full advantage of its unruffled natural setting .
it is surrounded by landscaped gardens , and offers spacious rooms with private bathrooms .
you can engage in various activities , such as snorkeling and windsurfing .
hindiba doga evi has simply furnished rooms and bungalows fitted with central heating and 24 - hour hot water in the en suite bathroom .
you can enjoy a cup of tea or coffee on your private terrace .
the charming cottages feature thatched roofs and beautiful craftworks .
chişinău city centre , the alley of classics and the nativity cathedral are just a 10 - minute drive from tulip .
located in sankt veit im pongau , haus sonnenterrasse offers a seasonal outdoor pool and self - catering apartments in alpine style with free wi - fi and a balcony with views of the surrounding mountains .
the lady grey dam is 6 minutes ' drive from ludwig ' s place and the scenic joubert pass is 8 km away .
other facilities offered at the property include a vending machine .
a casa di mei rome is 35 metres from vittorio emanuele metro stop , while the coliseum is a 15 - minute walk away .
santander is 50 km away .
each room includes a private bathroom fitted with a shower .
benidorm is 46 km from doña pilar , while alicante is 9 km away .
they all include a living area and come with a satellite lcd tv , dvd player and mini fridge .
elysium has 2 tennis courts , a scuba diving center and a gym .
ski lift is 2 km away .
bergbahnen ski lifts are 800 metres from the guest house .
apartments at sixenhof are spacious and have 2 or 3 bedrooms , a bathroom , living room , kitchen , dining area , dishwasher and satellite tv .
offering self - catering accommodation , nuffka apartments is located on norfolk island , a short 6 - minute walk to the centre of burnt pine .
the rooms at i - hotel kowloon are small but feature a tv , an en suite bathroom and free bottled water .
all studios feature a view of the lake or the mountains .
ian fleming international airport can be reached in a short 4 - minute drive .
a selection of activities are offered in the area , such as horse riding and snorkelling .
free parking is located on site .
at pokoje z widokiem na tatry you will find a garden and a children ' s playground . the property offers free parking .
the hotel also features a business centre .
set a 2 . 5 km from the beaches of francavilla al mare , agriturismo lo scacciapensieri is in the abruzzo hills . it offers a seasonal outdoor pool , a garden and a furnished patio .
it offers free wi - fi , free parking , just a 1 - minute walk from avon beach .
the gateway of india is 50 km .
each room at this motel is air conditioned and features a flat - screen tv . you will find a coffee machine in the room .
a snack bar offers quick refreshment and barbecue facilities are at guests ' disposal .
buffet breakfast is offered every morning and the restaurant on site serves czech cuisine .
nestled on an idyllic hillside overlooking the sea and angthong national marine park , baan faa sai villa is a four - bedroom villa with a private 100 - sqm infinity swimming pool .
it is a 10 - minute drive to whangarei airport . whangarei falls are only 7 minutes ’ drive away .
solna is 43 km from holiday home osmo i , while södertälje is 29 km from the property .
the shaza al madina hotel is located 13 km from prince mohammed airport .
towels and bed linen are available at daliowa apartment .
the property is located 1 . 4 km from santiburi samui country club and 1 . 8 km from mae nam pier .
the homestay also offers bike hire .
a 15 - minute car ride from grand hotel leads to jamtos mall .
the city express ciudad de méxico alameda is just minutes from the palace of fine arts , the metropolitan cathedral and alameda park .
posada haema is located in san andrés , just a 5 - minute drive from the beach .
you will find a kettle in the room . drumcoo guest house features free wifi throughout the property .
downtown toronto is 35 km from the hotel .
a full breakfast buffet is provided each morning in the country - style lounge or on the terrace .
the property is nearby the local grocery store , and the lagoon and marina are just a short walk away .
located on the second floor , this apartment includes a seating area and a tv with cable channels .
it offers self - catering accommodation featuring free wifi and a terrace .
the bathroom comes with a shower and bidet .
fresh coffee and homemade bread are available at bakery corner .
free access to wi - fi is available in the lobby and free private parking is offered on site .
it is situated less than 10 km from santa rosa de cabal .
located in the town of viladrau , it is ideal for visiting the montseny nature reserve .
set amidst a lush garden of palm trees and colourful flowers , the family - run house lena is situated in toroni of chalkidiki , just 130 metres from the sandy beach .
popular cheonjiyeon waterfall is an 8 - minute drive away .
all the rooms in haanja guest apartments are bright and have wooden details .
a hot tub and a spa bath are present in some rooms .
offering on - site dining , this hotel features comfortably furnished rooms with free wi - fi .
l ' appart cours clémenceau boasts views of the city and is 400 metres from esplanade des quinconces .
the villa has 6 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms , equipped with a bath , a bath or shower and a hair dryer .
the apartment is provided with two cable - tvs , a dvd player and free wireless internet access .
some apartments are located in a separate building , 600 metres away .
rooms at annascaul house bed & breakfast are elegant in style , with smart wooden floors .
the property is 2 . 5 km from palais des festivals de cannes .
tokyo shinkansen ( bullet train ) station is a 20 - minute ride from the property , as well .
the units at the mic come with a private bathroom with a shower , cable tv and a minibar . they also feature free toiletries and a hairdryer .
the accommodation is air conditioned and has a satellite flat - screen tv . each unit is equipped with a private bathroom with a bath or shower .
the lodge features free wifi .
located in bakuriani , this apartment features a balcony .
all rooms feature hardwood floors and select rooms boast a river view .
guests of the hotel garni elfriede can use a free ski storage room with a ski boot dryer at the lower terminus of the cable car , which is 400 metres away .
gut thailing golf club is 9 km away .
each has a seating area with flat - screen tv .
also on site is a ski storage room .
each air - conditioned room is equipped with a cable tv , fan , fridge and minibar .
each unit is fitted with a private bathroom with free toiletries .
casa stefano e lucia is near the town ’ s ski lifts .
the elegant rooms and suites feature vietri majolica floors and precious furniture .
barcelona is 41 km from apartamento con encanto , while lloret de mar is 26 km from the property .
free wifi access is available in public areas .
you can prepare meals using the oven , stove and fridge - freezer , and the open - plan kitchen also has a dishwasher .
free wi - fi is available in hotel ' s lobby .
rome ciampino airport is 17 km away .
the hotel provides currency exchange and ticketing services , while travel bookings can be made at the tour desk .
climb the tower of the collado castle to enjoy views from a privileged position and with a glass of the hotels wine .
guests benefit from balcony . free wifi is offered .
there is a seating area looking onto the garden .
offering ski rentals and ski to door access , this rossland lodge is 45 km away from west kootenay regional airport .
some rooms have an en suite bathroom .
all have private swimming pools , hot tubs and plasma - screen satellite tvs .
the bright hotel rooms offer warm - coloured interiors and classic - style decor .
the alpine - style rooms are fitted with a private bathroom featuring a shower .
the property is 1 km from karon night market and 1 . 1 km from starbucks kata beach .
you will find a shared kitchen at the property .
lourdes pilgrimage is 12 km and parc national des pyrenees is 1 . 6 km from logis beau site or guests can explore the picturesque and historical argelès .
each is equipped with a spacious work place , an ipod dock , a dvd player and a 40 - inch lcd tv with cable channels .
apartment gaudí bcn is a 15 - minute walk from catalunya national theater , and plaza catalunya square is 5 metro stations from the property .
plaza del sol square or the gran via avenue are only few metro stops away .
located right on the banks of the danube , this 4 - star hotel offers spa area , a fitness centre , and a range of sports facilities . free wi - fi is available . the centre of šamorín is 1 km away , and it is 26 km to bratislava .
newquay is 45 km from dolphin guest house , while falmouth is 49 km from the property .
taverns and shops can be found at 500 metres .
the hotel also provides laundry services .
traditionally decorated with a built - in bed and beamed ceilings , all air - conditioned studios and apartments have a well - equipped kitchenette with mini fridge and tv .
the nearest airport is pula airport , 60 km from the property .
other facilities include a terrace , garden furniture and barbeque . a swing is available for children outside .
the nearest grocery store is 20 metres away , while various restaurants can be found 400 metres from the guest house martina .
it features self - catering accommodation with private balcony overlooking the aegean sea .
the nearby towns of cherasco , alba and barbaresco are reachable in about 40 minutes by car .
this holiday home is 82 km from clermont - ferrand auvergne airport .
located on dubrovnik ' s lapad peninsula , guesthouse anna is just 600 meters from the copacabana beach and 3 . 7 km from the unesco - listed old town .
situated in yalta , this air - conditioned holiday home features free wifi and a balcony . the unit is 1 . 5 km from yalta .
a veloergometer can be used free of charge .
krom luang chumphon khet udomsak royal palace is 600 metres from the property .
a flat - screen tv is available .
free wifi and a spacious outdoor patio are featured at penny farthing inn .
mineralnye vody airport is 26 km away .
there is also a barbecue outside .
look forward to bright , cosily furnished rooms and apartments with oriental rattan furniture .
it provides free private parking .
more details can be asked at the reception .
towels and bed linen are not supplied ; guests should bring their own .
at apartamento rio vermelho you will find a sauna . other facilities like a children ' s playground are offered .
excursions in the surroundings are available on request .
appartement descartes is an apartment located in paris , 800 metres from notre dame cathedral . the unit is 1 . 6 km from pompidou centre .
verbania is a 15 - minute drive from residenza del pascià .
the expansive terrace offers outside dining , with panoramic views .
guests can enjoy a drink at the on - site bar .
city quartier berlin is set in a typical berlin apartment house with wooden floors and high ceilings .
there is also a kitchen , equipped with an oven , fridge and stovetop .
it offers panoramic views of mount etna and a restaurant serving traditional homemade sicilian cuisine .
in addition guests can visit the traditional portuguese restaurants located in the vicinity within 50 metres .
the café bar is open daily and serves a range of traditional food and beverages .
there are 4 restaurants with special menus for children .
the restaurant serves breakfast daily in the stylish dining area and guests have access to a fully equipped kitchen .
guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant . free private parking is available on site .
car hire is available at the property and the area is popular for golfing and snorkelling .
laundry and ironing facilities are possible at a surcharge .
set 13 km from central setúbal , aldeamento de palmela is around 45 minutes ’ drive from lisbon international airport .
they include a flat - screen tv and a private bathroom with underfloor heating .
this rural hotel , which offers free wi - fi , serves regional cuisine in the intimate restaurant and drinks on the picturesque terrace .
sheremetyevo international airport is a 35 - minute ride with aeroexpress train from belorussky train station , which is a 10 - minute metro ride from friendhouse hostel .
each of the rooms is simply furnished with a flat - screen satellite tv and a private bathroom .
en suite bathrooms have bathrobes , free toiletries and shower facilities .
offering massage services , the hotel features stylish rooms with contemporary - style interiors .
free wi - fi and a flat - screen cable tv are included in all suites .
the hotel is 500 metres from the market square and its 18th century town hall .
wuyi mountain jingmin golf hotel is a 5 - minute drive from wuyishan tourism area and 2 km from wuyi plaza .
towels and linen are also provided .
rooms come with a satellite tv and wardrobe . shower facilities are included in an en suite bathroom .
the spacious studio will provide you with satellite tv and a seating area .
guests can enjoy a drink or coffee from the bar and relax at the warmly decorated lounge area with its leather armchairs and marble top tables . the garden features bbq facilities .
each floor is inspired on a different region .
the en suite bathroom is fitted with a shower .
in the apartment there is electric heating .
rooms feature tatami ( woven - straw ) flooring with traditional futon bedding .
offering free wi - fi and a free breakfast , albergue martindozenea is situated within estonba park and 50 metres from ferrones bus stop .
you can engage in various activities , such as cycling , fishing and hiking .
some also include a bath .
the hotel ' s restaurant arvena offers a variety of international and regional specialities .
rathtrevor beach provincial park is 3 minutes ’ drive away .
hampton inn nashville / brentwood - i - 65s features cable tv and a work desk in every guest room . rooms also offer a coffee maker and a hair dryer .
free private parking is possible onsite .
butte civic center is 2 miles away from butte la quinta inn & suites .
just 500 metres from the beach at caleta de fustes , villa el vergel features a private swimming pool and a furnished terrace .
continental breakfasts are served in the on - site restaurant , and there is also a bar in the hotel .
špalíček and cheb castle can both be reached within 200 metres .
it includes a flat - screen tv , ipod dock , free wi - fi and contemporary furniture .
at motel bordeaux , guests can use the dry cleaning , ironing and laundry services offered at the 24 - hour front desk .
each has a private bathroom with a hairdryer and toiletry set .
the hotel also offers rooms with access for guests with reduced mobility .
guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant .
suvarnabhumi international airport is a 25 - minute drive away .
featuring an on - site restaurant , knights inn - chilhowie is located in chilhowie , virginia .
it is a 90 - minute drive from both rotorua and hamilton international airport .
sequoia national park is 1 hours ’ drive from this motel .
skopje airport is 15 km away and an airport shuttle is available at a surcharge .
the residence is 7 km from the gra ring road , and a 20 - minute drive from fiumicino airport .
guests staying at the bed and breakfast cozy coulee can enjoy a breakfast including fruit , cereal and pancakes .
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower in every unit .
all spacious guest rooms feature coffee makers , irons , ironing boards , hair dryers and cable television .
all rooms offer mountain views , and some also overlook the river .
it offers a relaxing getaway and many spa facilities .
the kitchen features a dishwasher .
extras include cable channels .
the hotel offers free wi - fi and a 24 - hour reception .
each room also features a private outdoor shower area .
the hotel offers 3 outdoor pools , a water slide , and a spa centre with a sauna and a turkish bath .
guests can enjoy the on - site bar .
the wellness facilities of the house are available in the winter season and include a finnish and an infrared sauna for a surcharge .
surrounded by vineyards , this family - run estate offers a quiet rural location in the langhe hills .
the property offers free parking .
featuring an attractive décor , the bright villa includes a living - dining room with a fireplace , sofa bed and satellite tv . there are 2 kitchens , equipped with an oven , electric hob , dishwasher and washing machine .
moskovsky train station is 2 . 8 km from day dream inn , and pulkovo international airport is 20 . 4 km from the property .
there is a private bathroom with free toiletries and a hair dryer in each unit .
the fully equipped kitchens feature an oven , stovetop , microwave and refrigerator .
ferienhaus annemarie is located 150 metres from the nearest ski lift in the ski amadé and next to cross - country ski slopes .
an indoor pool , hot tub and fitness centre are available .
located in the val claret area of tignes , apartment le hameau du borsat 3 tignes offers a self - catering studio with typical mountain décor .
popular outdoor activities in the area include hiking , fishing and alpine skiing .
this property is less than 2 blocks from the museum of north texas history and 1 mile from the wichita falls memorial auditorium .
izmir adnan menderes airport is 85 km away .
the centre of byala is 500 metres away and a bus stop is 700 metres away .
la spezia city centre is 20 minutes ' drive away , while portovenere is a 35 - minute drive along the winding coastal roads .
nueva hespérides international airport is 10 km from the hotel .
restaurants and shops are 30 metres away .
resort world new york casino is 6 . 4 km away .
the b & b ’ s interior features wood floors and large windows .
the private bathrooms have a hairdryer .
the informative staff from the travel desk is able to assist with tours to parque nacional do iguaçu , where guests can visit the spectacular waterfalls or take part in rafting and ecological tours .
the property is 2 , 2 km from botafogo beach and 4 , 9 km maracanã stadium .
it also organises shuttle service for an additional fee .
some units include a seating area where you can relax .
located in the old part of tbilisi city with easy access to nearby sightseeings , museum hotel orbeliani is a boutique hotel which features a unique architecture , restaurant , bar and free wifi throughout the property . guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant . free private parking is available on site .
the m5 motorway is about 10 km away .
featuring an on - site restaurant , charlie hotel is set in a quiet area in torony , 5 km from szombathely and 6 km from the austrian border .
each guest room at the sentinel motel includes a microwave , refrigerator , and 32 - inch flat - screen tv .
a hotel shuttle service and public transport options to ljubljana ( bus and train station only 10 minutes ' walk away ) are available as well .
at kinner villa you will find a garden and a terrace .
the raleigh county memorial airport is just 2 . 7 miles away .
ascoli piceno is 26 km from the property , while grottammare on the coast is a 35 - minute drive away .
towels and a daily maid service are included .
the hotel offers authentic units with free wi - fi .
some rooms boast picturesque views of the sea .
sanya shan hu hai apartment ninghai huayuan branch offers delicately furnished guestrooms and free in - room wifi .
it features an outdoor seasonal swimming pool with sun loungers .
set in budva , 2 . 5 km from mogren beach , apartments spiro boasts a sun terrace and views of the sea .
a free baby kit can be provided and you will also have free access to a fishing area with a locker , fridge and sink .
featuring a shower , the private bathroom also comes with bathrobes .
the guest house is 900 metres away from the national botanical gardens and 1 . 5 km away from maerua mall .
there is also a gift shop featuring sami handcrafted goods .
they include a kitchenette equipped with an electric kettle , mini fridge and coffee maker .
upon arrival guests receive home baked cookies .
apartment guests also enjoy a fully equipped kitchenette .
the galé praia features an open - plan bar and restaurant serving a wide choice of beverages and à la carte meals .
the air - conditioned studios feature a kitchenette with fridge .
select rooms include a small refrigerator and microwave .
the dining area overlooks scenic views of the natural landscape .
the air - conditioned rooms feature cable tv and a private bathroom with shower and free toiletries .
guests can make an appointment at mark hotel ’ s beauty salon , or use the business centre .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including golfing and hiking .
you can engage in various activities , such as diving , cycling and fishing .
just 50 metres from the beach , villa solena is located in loutra agias paraskevis village of chalkidiki .
from sanya yalong bay nice half mountain homestay , it takes 1 hour by car to phoenix international airport .
you will find a shared kitchen at the property .
for leisure , spend a lazy afternoon on the sun loungers situated by the outdoor pool .
water center visit with its facilities is available for guests free of charge .
a spacious seating area is provided with some rooms .
located in front of the danube and featuring a restaurant and a seasonal outdoor pool , motel la popescu offers pet - friendly accommodation in feteşti . free wifi and free private parking on site is available .
the bouquet restaurant is located on the second floor and serves creative mediterranean cuisine made from local produce .
the property offers free parking for added convenience .
this 2nd floor apartment features an outdoor dining area where you can relax while overlooking the river .
located at the seafront , yasmin hotel has a private area at sarimsakli beach with free sun loungers and parasols .
the property is at the heart of florence , close to shops , restaurants and cafés .
hacienda alemana is just 850 metres from puerto vallarta ’ s malecón seafront promenade .
air - conditioned , it offers additional bathrooms .
tower of london is 1 . 4 km from bloomfield rooms , while hoxton square is 1 . 4 km away .
it features a sky lobby on the 30th floor and 2 restaurants .
free wifi access is available .
the apartments all feature a private entrance , seating area with a sofa and tv , private bathroom , equipped kitchen and a balcony .
accommodation features a living / dining area , and satellite flat - screen tv . each has a bathroom with a hairdryer and toiletries , while some also come with air conditioning .
livorno is a 35 - minute drive from the property .
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower .
staff can arrange car rental to explore the lively parikia at 9 km or the long , sandy beach of chrisi ati at 16 km .
it offers soundproofed accommodation .
in an area of outstanding natural beauty , houndapitt bed and breakfast offers free wi - fi throughout and free parking .
you can play tennis at the hotel .
the bathroom comes with a bath or shower .
lake balaton is 10 km away .
all rooms come with free wifi .
grocery delivery can be arranged for a fee . other services such as laundry and dry cleaning are also available with a surcharge .
château de st picq is located in the top of a hill , a 4 - minute drive from the centre of bérenx .
whangamata beach house is situated in whangamata , 46 km from whitianga and 30 km from thames .
the nearest golf course is 3 . 1 km from the unit .
they also offer a cable tv , a sofa , a work desk and an en suite bathroom with shower facilities .
a homemade breakfast is included and a bbq is available .
featuring free wi - fi throughout , toboso azahara ns apartments offers self - catering apartments in nerja . the beachfront is 100 metres from the property .
private bathroom includes a shower and / or a bath and comes with a hairdryer and bathrobes .
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower in every unit .
free private parking is available on site .
guests enjoy free parking .
located on the shore of lake balaton and enjoying a private waterfront area with sunbeds and a jetty , the aba beach house features a garden with barbecue facilities , as well as free parking on site .
fort william is 30 miles away .
the ski bus stop is located 50 metres from the property and the hahnenkamm sku lift is a 5 - minute drive away .
the sea town of scalea is 15 km from appartamento vistamare . the a3 motorway is 50 km away .
typical meals from minas gerais state are served at taverna do cônego restaurant .
they come with a fully equipped kitchen with a dining area , as well as bathroom facilities with a bathtub and a shower .
chrudim train station is 2 km away .
situated in london , this apartment is 1 . 4 km from london bridge .
tours loire valley airport is 49 km away .
the double bedroom has a wardrobe and an en suite bathroom with shower , hairdryer and complementary toiletries .
towels and bed linen are offered at apartment 40 let oktyabrya .
the amar mahal museum is 1 . 5 km away , while the aquarium is 4 . 5 km from the hotel . vaishno devi , katra is 40 km from hotel meridian palace jammu .
guests can have their breakfast and later in the day enjoy a meal at the restaurant , or have a drink at the bar of hotel estelle .
liberty theater is less than 5 minutes ’ drive from the holiday inn express .
a flat - screen tv is offered .
como train station is 7 km from the b & b , and chiasso and the swiss border can be reached in 28 minutes by car .
st 2 . 4 km from bundek lake , apartment zagreb 213 is fully equipped and offers free wifi .
spacious one - bedroom apartments come with a kitchen , living room and balcony . they have a flat - screen cable tv , dining area and bathtub .
during summer , guests can also use all cable cars and lifts free of charge for stays of 2 of more nights .
homemade cakes , yoghurt and more sweet items are served daily for breakfast .
white sand beach is 4 . 5 km from the property .
this apartment is only 250 metres from larvotto beach and less than 1 minute away from the monaco border .
guests can enjoy a dive in the outdoor swimming pool which is surrounded by tropical gardens with palm trees and flowers .
free use of bicycles and ski equipment hire are available at this guest house and the area is popular for cycling and hiking .
shuttles can be arranged for a surcharge .
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower .
every room is equipped with a flat - screen tv .
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower .
other facilities offered include luggage storage .
la casa del rio offers rustic guestrooms with fireplace .
edinburgh capital hotel is close to the a90 .
a sauna can be enjoyed on site and rothschild villa is 350 metres away .
the studios and apartments at résidence pierre & vacances la corniche de la plage are spacious and decorated in a contemporary style .
nightwear and slippers are provided for all guests .
bed linens are available .
for your comfort , you will find slippers and free toiletries .
guests can swim in the indoor heated pool or relax in the hot tub or spa room .
swissôtel ankara is a 10 - minute drive to panora shopping mall , and 2 km from atakule tower and shopping mall .
barbecue facilities are provided on the terrace and restaurants can be reached in 1 km .
the apartment comprises a seating area with a sofa and a flat - screen satellite tv , a desk and a safe .
the beach is 1 . 5 km away .
a terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms .
featuring free wifi throughout the property , guest house kit offers accommodation in lazarevskoye , 800 metres from aqua park nautilus .
hotel lacosta includes 3 bars , a western restaurant offering french and mexican dishes and a chinese restaurant serving hainan cuisine .
next to each room there is a relaxation area for your convenience .
guests can enjoy breakfast , on reuqest gluten - free and lactose - free , in the bright breakfast room or on the terrace in nice weather .
staff at quality sogndal can advise on local activities such as glacier hiking tours .
room service , safe box , doctor service , laundry and car hire service are offered by the property upon request with an additional charges .
for your comfort , you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer .
a private bathroom comes with a bath or shower and a hairdryer .
located in the heart of al hoceima city , hotel la marina features a concierge service and 24 - hour front desk .
not far from the laison , guests can enjoy a cable car ride offering panoramic views of dubrovnik ’ s old town and surrounding islands .
a year round indoor pool and hot tub are offered on - site .
set right next to a beach , apartments sino more is located in krašići , 14 km from both tivat and kotor .
at hotel feria nova you will find a 24 - hour front desk . other facilities offered include a shared lounge .
there is a shared kitchen at the property .
guests can relax in the riad ’ s lounges .
some have tyrrhenian sea views .
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven .
the signature à la carte restaurant , the chui grill is situated on a two - tiered timber deck and serves fresh seafood and grills .
an array of activities is available in the surrounding environs of the mirabeagle , including canoeing , skiing and fishing .
rooms at b & b de verademing comprise a shared bathroom with a bath or shower , a hairdryer , a bathrobe and slippers .
located in mahe , a 5 - minute walk from carana beach , carana hilltop villa features an outdoor swimming pool , a beauty shop , a tropical garden , and views of carana bay and mamelles island .
laptop rentals and photocopying services are provided at the front desk .
surrounded by greenery , this north jutland hotel is 10 minutes ’ walk from slette beach .
the luxurious rooms at naladhu private island maldives are fitted with free wi - fi .
the centre of sunny beach is 800 metres away .
the hotel ’ s buffet restaurant specialises in barbecued food and you can relax with a drink on the terrace .
dream home hostel 2 is less than a 10 - minute ride from victory gate .
the property is a 20 - minute drive from oulx tgv station and a 90 minute - drive from turin airport .
it is set on 2 floors and has a balcony and a terrace and free wi - fi internet access .
the spacious restaurant serves hungarian cuisine .
it features 2 outdoor swimming pools with sun loungers and parasols , and free wi - fi .
a sweet pre - packaged breakfast is served in the common living area .
local activities include fishing , whale watching and horse riding .
the wellness facilities at the property are accessible for an additional fee . bo - ness provides a sauna , a steam bath and a hot tub for an additional fee .
amenities include free wi - fi , air conditioning , cable tv and minibar .
private parking is available on site .
each room at hôtel les mimosas includes a fan , a closet and a tv .
on - site parking is free for guests at haus torgerson .
rumeli restaurant serves turkish and international cuisines .
free private parking is available on site .
it is well placed for horse riding and hiking tours .
located off highway 101 , this morgan hill , california hotel offers room with a cable tv and a work desk .
entertainments facilities at bay view hotel apartments include billiards and a children ’ s playground .
the bathroom is equipped with a bath .
guests stay in rooms with tatami ( woven - straw ) floors and japanese futon bedding .
in summer , meals can be enjoyed at the spacious outdoor terrace .
each room includes a private bathroom . extras include free toiletries and a hairdryer .
free private parking is also available at this apartment .
featuring free wifi access and a complimentary continental breakfast , wanka backpackers offers accommodations located in huancayo .
it features modern rooms , free wifi throughout , and a sweet breakfast provided daily .
free private parking is also available on site .
on - site parking is free , and 200 metres away is a bus stop with links to the city centre .
the bocksberg mountain is just 1 km from the property .
self - catering accommodation here comes equipped with a tv , kitchenette and dishwasher . you will also find a sofa , fireplace and garden views .
haikou meilan airport is 30 km away .
kingsway guest house is set in newington and one mile from edinburgh ' s royal mile and old town .
the hotel is located just 300 meters from the centre of passo tonale and the ski - lifts .
offering free wifi and a seasonal outdoor pool , premier residence is located in sunny beach .
situated in melbourne , 5 minutes ' walk from st kilda beach , st kilda hostel features free private parking and free breakfast .
a tour desk and a business centre are provided for guests ’ convenience .
in the morning a varied breakfast buffet is served .
a tv is offered .
the private bathroom comes with a shower , hairdryer and free toiletries .
on the eastern coast of western scotland ’ s cowal peninsula , colintraive hotel enjoys a peaceful village location and has its own pub and restaurant serving local specialities .
this adults - only motel is located just 200 metres from puerto juarez beach and directly opposite the ultramar ferry link to isla mujeres .
the théâtre de l ' atelier theatre , after which this apartment is named , is next door .
it is also near restaurants and shops .
traditional cooked breakfast is served every morning .
the super 8 st . george is within a 15 - minute drive to johnson farm dinosaur tracks .
free parking is possible nearby .
ayvalik town centre is 4 . 8 km from the property .
in brasserie ‘ de boulevard ’ guests can enjoy an extensive buffet breakfast and dinner buffet with typical belgian dishes .
an á la carte restaurant is in the neighbouring property .
in the evenings , enjoy fine wine and international cocktails at blue heaven bar .
the property boasts views of the city and is 1 km from pompidou centre .
the accommodation features a terrace with lake views and a flat - screen tv with satellite channels , a fully equipped kitchen with a dining area and a bathroom with a shower , a toilet , a hairdryer and free toiletries .
decorated with parquet floors and large windows , rooms at buenos aires city apartments are fitted with air conditioning and heating .
located in kudus , griptha hotel offers an accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool , a fitness centre , and free wifi access in all areas of the room .
the bathroom has shower in it .
apartment ozturk offers accommodation in sancak , 10 km from trabzon and 24 km from macka .
parking is free at the hotel .
it offers free wi - fi and a 24 - hour front desk .
each comes with a bathroom featuring a shower .
wifi is available in public areas for an additional cost .
the beautiful grounds at barony castle feature fishing lakes , leafy terraces and a croquet lawn .
you can also explore the surrounding mountainous countryside , using ronda as a base .
comfortable and spacious , it includes all the latest comforts including an lcd tv with satellite channels and free wi - fi access . take advantage of the free business point , complete with printing , scanning , and photocopying facilities .
a pizzeria restaurant is also available there .
hotel route - inn hisai inter offers a hot public bath and a relaxation area with a massage chair and foot massage machines .
the centres of berlin and potsdam can be reached in 40 minutes .
at uyuni on the hill , guests may rent a car to explore the area and visit nearby attractions .
featuring free wifi throughout the property , seven plus one theme inn offers accommodation in zhangjiajie .
for your comfort , you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer .
it has a large terrace and a japanese - style hot tub . there is a seating area with a flat - screen tv and the bathrooms have a shower , a toilet and a hairdryer .
guests can enjoy relaxing massages and the use of a sauna and hot tub at the spa .
ski centre levočská dolina can be reached within 20 km .
guests are 22 . 6 miles from the gulf islands national seashore at this pensacola , florida hotel .
a flat - screen tv and dvd player are provided .
the apartment will provide you with tv , balcony and a seating area .
the unit is fitted with a flat - screen satellite tv and wooden floors and features mountain views .
free wi - fi access is available in all areas .
guests at clifton park best western have access to a business center and meeting facilities .
the accommodation will provide you with a seating area . featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with free toiletries .
both living rooms come with a tv , and there are also 2 separate dining rooms .
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a microwave and a refrigerator .
the unit is 500 metres from salgados golf and 700 metres from salgados beach .
a business center is also located on - site .
free wifi is featured throughout the property .
the unit fitted with a kitchen with a microwave and fridge .
they offer a tv and a some have cable channels and a balcony .
with an à la carte restaurant open from 07 : 30 to 20 : 00 , free wi - fi and free continental breakfast from 07 : 30 to 09 : 00 , hotel incasol welcomes guests in ayacucho .
free wifi is available throughout the property .
the air - conditioned apartments of marina búzios have a large open - plan living / dining area with a wooden kitchenette .
this property also offer bike rental , car rental , laundry service , airport shuttle with an extra charge and an on - site shop .
you can make use of bike storage and parking .
paracas natural reserve is 12 km away and there is free private parking .
the accommodation is fitted with a well - equipped kitchen , dining area , living room , a flat - screen satellite tv , and a cd / dvd player .
the nearest airport is ljubljana airport , 21 km from the property .
the hotel offers free parking .
tastefully furnished , air - conditioned rooms come equipped with a tv with cable channels , a seating area and a minibar .
set in the historic centre of bergamo , b & b antico ducato offers rooms with views over the city .
in addition to a bedroom with 2 single beds ( 90 x 200 cm ), you will find a living room with a sofa bed and a newly decorated bathroom .
sunak cave boutique is within walking distance from urgup town centre .
shops and restaurants can be found within 600 m . the waterfront is 1 . 4 km away .
this stylish , eco - friendly hotel is located in mismaloya , 1 . 5 hours ’ drive from puerto vallarta .
all apartments and studios have a terrace , private bathroom with a bath tub , and a kitchen with a fridge , microwave and oven .
st . john ’ s international airport is a 15 - minute drive away .
additional features include free public parking on site .
sikinos town featuring whitewashed houses with colourful doors is 5 km away .
it is 15 minutes ’ drive from gulfarium marine adventure park .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
the jodhpur airport is 300 km away .
free wifi access is available at the cudworth motor inn .
each air - conditioned room here will provide you with a cable tv . featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with free toiletries .
wi - fi is free here .
guests can start their day with a buffet breakfast and later enjoy a coffee or a drink by the big fireplace at the lounge .
towels and bed linen are provided in this apartment .
lutfi kirdar congress centre is a 10 - minute walk from the property .
sauna is available in this property .
the property is located only 800 metres from lycian way trail .
offering simple décor , all rooms at the budget inn greenfield include a seating area and a work desk .
a tv is featured .
the nearest airport is tivat airport , 16 km from apartment anna .
located 45 minutes away from trois - rivieres , chalet mahigan sipy offers an array of outdoor activities like fishing or water sports .
set along the ohre river , this 4 - star hotel offers en - suite rooms with cable tv and private balcony .
ideally located in the centre of the old town , this hotel is a very convenient location from which to explore the many attractions of the region .
a basketball court , fitness centre , tennis court , and sand volleyball court are on site .
meals are available upon request at the dining area .
free private parking is available at the apartment .
tea and coffee is also served .
spread over 10 acres , tivoli garden resort hotel features an outdoor pool , barbecue facilities , a restaurant , bar and a 24 - hour front desk .
the palace of culture and sports is reachable within a 5 - minute drive from the property and the sea garden within a 13 - minute drive .
guests can also choose cottage accommodation that has a kitchen , tv and private bathroom with and washing machine .
the area is popular for cycling and hiking .
berlin schönefeld station is one stop away and connects you to both the local train network in berlin as well as regional trains .
kelowna international airport is 49 km from the property .
each spacious suite offers ocean views , a private balcony , kitchenette and free wi - fi .
free private parking and free wi - fi are provided at each chalet .
vacancy house rome is an apartment located in rome .
the property offers free parking .
the nearest airport is linate airport , 15 km from tulip apartment .
several bars , shops and restaurants are within a walking distance and a shopping centre can be found 500 metres away .
the nearest train station is raja chulan train / monorail station , 400 metres from the property .
the sihanoukville airport is a 25 - minute drive away .
located in châtillon - sur - cher in a 19th - century property , gites casanova offers self - catering accommodation with free access to an outdoor swimming pool , garden and private terrace .
the hotel offers free wifi in public areas and an internet - connected pc in all guest rooms .
a moroccan breakfast is provided every morning .
air conditioning , a small fridge and both a kettle and coffee machine are included in each room , where breakfast is served .
this pet - friendly days inn offers views of lookout mountain , but keeps guests connected via free wi - fi .
a buffet breakfast is served .
guests are offered modern rooms complete with free wifi access .
this converted victorian prison is now a stunning boutique hotel offering unique luxury accommodation in historic oxford .
guests can taste local specialities and typical italian dishes at the cafes and restaurants in the immediate surroundings .
the surrounding countryside is ideal for hiking and cycling , and there are many vineyards nearby .
a desk is included for added convenience . an en suite bathroom is also included .
the rooms have a private bathroom equipped with a bath or shower .
situated off the mumbai - bangalore highway , the hotel is 13 km away from pune railway station and 20 km away from pune airport .
rooms here will provide you with a flat - screen tv , air conditioning and a seating area .
it also features a garden and a terrace with hammocks , as well as laundry facilities for guests ’ convenience .
hotel gran casa is just a few metres from oderzo railway station .
shops can be found nearby .
the nearest airport is mar del plata airport , 8 km from the property .
hidden away in the mountains of tehri , is atali ganga . situated 2 km away from byasi and 30 km from rishikesh , the property also offers an area specially created for kids who ’ d like to camp through the night .
silvio pettirossi airport is 7 km away .
if guests stay longer than 2 nights , 50 % discount will be offered at public swimming pools .
bologna guglielmo marconi airport is 5 km from the property .
this chalet - style holiday home features mountain views and a private bathroom with a shower , a hairdryer and bathrobes .
stralsund main train station is just 2 km away from ferienappartments rindfleisch and the a20 motorway can be reached in 25 minutes by car .
guests can enjoy a relaxing massage .
the hotel ’ s 24 - hour front desk offers safety deposit box and luggage storage for guests ’ convenience .
featuring a balcony , all units have a seating and dining area .
each unit offers a fully equipped kitchen and free wi - fi .
a continental breakfast with croissants , cakes , yogurts , regional jams and home - made bread can be enjoyed at the shaded areas by the garden .
the hotel has a number of facilities , including a swimming pool and bowling lanes . it offers free wifi access .
modern equipped meeting and event facilities are bookable at radisson blu marina palace .
cancun international airport is a 1 - hour drive from el faro .
there is an equipped kitchen and a supermarket can be found a few steps away .
you can enjoy pool views .
infantaria is 1 . 3 km from terezinah holiday homes , while st . alex church is 2 km away .
located in bridlington , in the east riding of yorkshire , ashford house guest house offers bed and breakfast accommodation , en suite bedrooms and free wifi throughout .
all rooms have a flat - screen tv .
the traditionally decorated with wood and stone apartments offer kitchenette with a microwave , stove , fridge and washing machine .
featuring air conditioning , yuvam motel offers accommodation in trabzon .
each villa has 1 main double bedroom and 1 smaller twin bedroom .
the private bathroom includes a shower and a hairdryer .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer .
decorated in cream tones , this air - conditioned house comes with a bright living - dining room with a big sofa , a fireplace and a flat - screen satellite tv with both german and spanish channels .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with towels .
martinique international airport is around 24 km from the karibea resort hotel amyris , while the centre of fort - de - france is 32 km away .
private parking is free .
each room at this inn is air conditioned and features a tv with cable channels .
piazza erbe and juliet ' s balcony are around a 10 - minute walk away .
guests enjoy free use of surfboards and boogie boards .
the hotel is opposite villenne golf course and free parking is available on site . émile zola museum and medan castle are both located 1 km from the hotel .
located in diani beach , grand amber villa is set less than a 5 - minute walk from galu kinondo beach .
a sauna and a sun bed are on site , and free wifi is available .
the nearest airport is gdansk lech walesa airport , 11 . 5 km from the property .
offering a barbecue and a 2700m2 - garden , b & b le jardin des poules is set in a traditional house situated in villainville , 7 km from etretat .
tours and ticketing arrangements can also be made at phoenix 74 hotel .
it also includes a fridge - freezer and a coffee machine .
brazilian and international dishes are served in the hotel ' s welcoming restaurant , and guests can also enjoy 24 - hour room service .
you can play billiards and mini - golf at the property , and the area is popular for snorkelling and windsurfing .
the city of castelo branco is 34 km away and one of the oldest villages of portugal , monsanto is 34 km away .
a flat - screen tv and a dvd player are available in all units .
a scenic waterside promenade along norrmälarstrand stockholm town hall begins 300 metres from the property .
abeid amani karume international airport is 11 km from the property .
upon your request , the hotel can arrange hot air balloon tours , daily tours and airport transfers .
carol guesthouse is a 10 - minute drive from mahkota parade , dataran pahlawan and a ’ famosa .
regional dishes can be ordered at the property ’ s restaurant .
each room here will provide you with a tv , an electric kettle and a refrigerator .
the disable - friendly apartment is also fitted with ironing facilities and a cd as well as a dvd player .
at riverside garden villas , you will find a hot tub , a 24 - hour front desk and a peaceful garden .
offering accommodation with air conditioning , apartment na zagorodnoy is set in sochi , 4 . 4 km from rivyera park . green theatre is 5 km from the property .
an array of activities can be enjoyed in the surroundings , including skiing , cycling and hiking .
astoria is 1 km from the satu mare ’ s train station and 10 km from the airport .
guests can sample a drink at the bar on site .
the private bathroom comes with a shower .
at ganesh garden beach cabanas , guests can enjoy a relaxing massage at the spa or rent a car to explore the vicinity .
jabel hafeet is 55 km from telal resort .
it offers air - conditioned rooms with free wi - fi , a flat - screen tv with satellite channels and a minibar .
the m4 is less than 2 miles away .
the guest house is 2 . 2 km from amsterdam central station and 1 . 3 km from dam square .
hotel g9 is located in tallinn , a 15 - minute walk of the beautiful old town and its historic monuments .
holiday home p . snejkers vej ringkøbing ix is located in søndervig .
bistrot les sans culottes is located in the 11th district in paris , 300 metres from bastille metro station .
diklo beach offers various sports facilities .
the on - site restaurant serves a variety of thai and western cuisine .
simply furnished rooms have a cable tv , a fridge and a minibar .
it offers a charming garden , large south - west - facing terrace and free wifi throughout .
the wooden villa comes with free wi - fi , free - use bicycles and a hot tub . it has a garden and a fully equipped kitchen .
darkhill hotel offers rooms with free wi - fi only 200 metres from laleli - üniversite tram stop and 350 metres from vezneciler metro station , in the centre of istanbul .
for private use there is a garden ( fenced ) 200 m2 and table tennis .
accommodation will provide you with a tv , air conditioning and a balcony . there is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven .
this 4 - star victorian guest house has free wi - fi and free on - site parking .
a sweet breakfast is provided at a nearby café .
centrally located in plovdiv , hotel odeon offers colourfully designed accommodation just 50 metres from the main square and 150 metres away from the roman theatre plovdiv .
the property offers free wifi in all areas .
air - conditioned rooms each feature cable tv , a microwave , fridge and telephone .
free parking is available .
marvel at the magnificent sea views from your private balcony .
the rooms have a 40 - inch flat - screen tv , a dvd player and a dining area .
towels and bed linen are available at warsaw uprising .
in 7 acres of scenic grounds , ravenwood hall hotel boasts period features , free parking and free wi - fi .
meals can be enjoyed at the dining table .
guests can benefit from free wifi , bicycle rental and a hot tub .
the titanic quarter is a new and buzzing part of belfast where many chic restaurants and bars are located .
the nearest airport is fertilia airport , 6 km from the property .
here you can also enjoy various desserts .
it features self - catering accommodation with a balcony .
every room also comes with a private bathroom fitted with bath or shower .
it offers apartments with free wi - fi and a private terrace and sea views .
the velky javornik is situated 5 km away and the town of bytča can be reached within 10 km .
the basic bedrooms have shared bathroom facilities , with access to free wifi and a tv in the room .
guests benefit from free access to a hot tub for 1 hour and a 20 - minute steam bath , once per stay .
you can find the bělsky les bus stop right in front of the hotel .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including horse riding , hiking and billiards . a tennis court and billiards are on site .
stanmore country park and bridgnorth golf club are also less than 10 minutes ’ drive .
city views can be taken delight in .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out the state museum of terengganu , 5 . 7 km away and crystal mosque , 5 . 8 km away .
the avion shopping centre is 4 km away and bratislava airport is located 7 km away .
the nearest airport is khabarovsk novy airport , 11 km from the property .
a variety of refreshing drinks and light snacks is also served at the poolside snack bar throughout the day .
fiera rimini exhibition centre is 1 . 5 km away , as is the italia in miniatura theme park .
free wifi access , housekeeping service and laundry facilities are available .
situated just 1 km from the granitz nature reserve , haus jahreszeiten by meine rügenferien provides modern furnishings .
the homestay also offers bike hire .
gdańsk airport is located 10 . 5 km away .
throughout the setting , free wifi is provided .
we are fully licensed and guests are welcome to join us for a drink at the bar or on the terrace and dine with us in the restaurant .
a microwave and compact refrigerator are also provided .
nikulinskaya mini - hotel is located in moscow , 8 km from bitsa park .
you can find a café and a grocery shop 500 metres away , in the centre of drenje .
they are equipped with a flat - screen tv and the private bathrooms come with a hairdryer and magnifying mirror .
it is located in the dubovica area of budva , about 700 metres from town centre and 1 km from the sandy slovenska beach .
offering a barbecue and terrace , norbit noclegi is situated in białystok in the podlaskie region , 5 km from kościuszki market square . free wifi is provided and free private parking is available on site .
free wi - fi is available .
set next to the vltava river and in the lesser town district , apartmán janáčkovo is located in prague and a 10 - minute walk away from charles bridge .
the nearest airport is rome ciampino airport , 19 km from the property .
halifax stanfield international airport is 4 km away .
the accommodation features a sofa , a terrace and a flat - screen tv with satellite channels . there is a full kitchen with an oven and a refrigerator .
rooms at alte schule restaurant & hotel are individually designed on a traditional school theme .
bligny vittadini tram station is 100 metres away and parking is available nearby .
hotel is 650 metres from goreme open air museum and located in goreme national park – a unesco world heritage site – offers a glimpse of the area ’ s magnificent beauty .
this hotel is 600 metres from the coastal boardwalk and 2 km from the thermal baths .
free wifi access is available on site .
each will provide you with a flat - screen tv , a refrigerator and an electric kettle .
located right on the shore of lake zurich , hotel drei könige in richterswil offers a traditional swiss restaurant , free wifi access , and free private parking .
while the hotel does not house any dining options , new world park hawker centre offers a variety of local dishes from different cultures .
the town centre is 800 metres down the road and there is a cross - country ski trail just 250 metres away from the house .
room service is also available .
every room at this mini - hotel is air conditioned and is fitted with a flat - screen tv with cable channels .
nearby leisure activities includes 12 islands boat tours , fishing tours and hiking .
guests can enjoy a sweet breakfast every morning .
guests of the rancho cordova hampton inn can work out in the gym or relax in the indoor pool and jacuzzi .
the hotel is a 5 - minute ride to jungceylon shopping mall .
the cosy hotel bar is an elegant choice for after dinner drinks .
start your day in the cosy breakfast room with a free and simple buffet .
you will find a shared lounge at the property .
located near pattaya ’ s jomtien beach , white house resort offers air - conditioned rooms with private bathrooms .
park pilestredet is a 1 - minute walk from dalsbergstien tram stop and the michelin - starred restaurant oscarsgate .
it offers soundproofed rooms with free wi - fi and flat - screen satellite tv .
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
the nearest airport is delhi international airport , 9 km from the property .
featuring a 5d cinema which offers guests a unique experience , crazy river , wave pool and water coaster , the land of legends theme park offers a multi - sensory experience concept in antalya .
it is 30 minutes ’ drive from thredbo village and perisher valley .
apartments tea is located 2 . 5 km from the nearest beach .
many outdoor activities are available in the area surrounding the drei bären .
the schönruh ’ s restaurant offers traditional and international cuisine in the elegant dining room or on the terrace .
they include a bathroom with a hairdryer and toiletries .
the apartments also include a kitchen with dining area .
set in an old renovated mansion in poşta câlnău in buzău county , pensiunea valverde features a restaurant serving traditional romanian cuisine , prepared with home products from the owners ’ garden and farm .
rooms at the lodge hotel and conference center feature half - canopy beds and seating areas with chandelier lighting .
set 700 metres from dolphinarium in batumi , this apartment features free wifi .
guests can book polo lessons with the hotel ’ s 5 polo ponies .
this bed and breakfast is located in central trieste , a 5 - minute walk from piazza dell ’ unità .
pirimahuida lodge & spa has an on - site restaurant where guests can experience local dishes , as well as a bar where guests can relax and have a drink .
hotel torre barbara features lush , mediteranean gardens complete with a swimming pool and sun loungers .
every room at this hotel is air conditioned and is equipped with a flat - screen tv .
offering a spa and wellness centre , salis hotel is located in bandung . just a 15 - minute drive from cihampelas walk and paris van java , this hotel features free wifi access and a concierge service .
the hotel ' s restaurant offers fine traditional and regional cuisine .
the property boasts views of the garden and is 1 . 1 km from palais des festivals de cannes .
central minsk apartments are located in minsk city centre , within a 10 - minute walk of the lenina square .
bathroom , air - co , private safe , hairdryer , direct dial phone , plus a 24 hr reception .
all rooms are simply decorated and come with air conditioning , a fan and a tv with satellite channels .
each air - conditioned apartment includes a balcony overlooking the sea .
guest laundry services are available on site .
a full breakfast is served on the garden terrace or in the dining room .
it features a massage parlour and a spa and wellness centre .
set in the university residential complex in prague - kunratice , apartman student features modern rooms ; wired internet is provided in accommodation units , and public parking is available on site , both for free .
квартира на академической offers accommodation in akademgorodok . the unit is 25 km from novosibirsk .
surrounded by a picturesque alpine landscape , located directly on wörschachberg , panorama berghotel is located at an altitude of 1100 metres above sea level , providing magnificent mountain views .
the ski area of großer arber ( germany ) is within 10 km .
green guest house is located 30 metres from night bazaar .
there is a hairdresser 50 metres from the property .
they all have private seating areas .
minsk national airport is within a 3 - hours drive of the apartment .
the hotel also offers bike hire and car hire .
offering a large beer garden , a wine cellar , and bowling lanes , hotel südlohner hof - ristorante da fabio is peacefully located in südlohn . free wifi access is available at this family - run 3 - star hotel .
cable car como - brunate is 1 . 5 km from b & b paradisett , as well as the ferry terminal .
each simply furnished room offers air conditioning .
phnom penh international airport is a 30 - minute drive away .
set in astrakhan , kvartira klass apartments - apartments at akhsharumova 3 offers self - catering accommodation with free wifi .
offering free wifi access , this holiday home is located in a residential area just a 15 - minute walk from jingumarutamachi train station . guests can enjoy staying in a home featuring edo era - inspired décor .
the property offers free parking .
luggage storage , laundry and fax / photocopying services are also available at extra charges .
v - accommodation manzoni guesthouse is ideally located to offer easy access all rome ’ s attractions , such as the basilica of san pietro and the vatican museums , a 15 - minute metro ride away .
a mini market and bakery is situated less than 300 metres away .
a 5 - minute to the hip walking street , the property provides free private parking .
today scandic swania ’ s rooms are decorated in a modern , nordic style and some provide lovely canal views .
in addition , the resort can arrange guided hiking tours .
some rooms feature a seating area where you can relax .
set less than a 5 - minute walk from the beach , t hotel is offers accommodation in rimini ,
a sauna , spacious conservatory and buffet breakfasts are offered by this traditional guest house .
the bathroom comes with a bathtub or shower and a hairdryer .
guests can relax in the common living room or cook in the shared kitchen .
d ' mall boracay is 300 metres from boracay secret , the hobbit house , while willy ' s rock is 2 . 2 km away .
featuring a shower , the bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and towels .
surrounded by a gorgeous woodland - style garden with a pretty stream and huge fir trees , this edwardian house is often visited by red squirrels and deer .
a bus with connections to the airport also stops within 100 metres .
bratislava main train station can be reached with a 10 - minute walk .
zurich airport is reachable within 1 hour by car .
it has a swimming pool with sun beds and umbrellas and a poolside bar .
free wifi access and free private parking are also available .
each room is fitted with a flat - screen tv with cable channels and a private bathroom with hot water .
they offer views of the abbey or the pedestrianized area .
two double bedrooms come with a bedroom with single bed and bunk bed .
the complex has a café - bar and a concierge service .
free wi - fi access is available .
pj ’ s café , located on - site , provides a daily breakfast buffet with eggs , waffles , biscuits and gravy and cold items .
guests can also find the shopping street josé mesa y lópez within a 5 - minute walk .
featuring an outdoor pool and a garden , villa poggio san felice offers classic accommodation in poggio imperiale , just 2 km from florence . the property is a 10 - minute drive from the boboli gardens .
hostal internacional is located 50 metres from 12 de octubre sports complex .
king shaka international airport is 27 km from the property .
boat trips across lake garda leave from the dock , which is 5 minutes ' drive away .
free private parking is available on site .
there is also a kitchen , equipped with an oven .
an on - site restaurant , blue marine , serves thai and european food from 07 : 00 to 20 : 00 hrs .
the property is 12 km from the expo 2015 exhibition centre .
located in dubrovnik , apartment violeta 2 is a 4 - star , modern self - catering accommodation with a balcony and terrace , from which guests can enjoy picturesque views of the sea and city . the lapad peninsula beaches are only 2 km from the property .
a flat - screen tv is featured .
also laundry and ironing services can be arranged on request .
there are three private bathrooms , of which one includes a hot tub and a sauna . other facilities include electric heating and it is possible to make use of the wood - burning stove .
conveniently situated just a 5 - minute drive to geneva international airport and the palexpo congress centre , the stars aéroport de genève is 4 km from the un office and other international organisations .
free wi - fi is provided in - room .
the wooden caravan and chalet include a kitchenette with a dining area and a separate bathroom .
they also include a kitchen with a stove , refrigerator , microwave and coffee machine .
an airport shuttle is available upon request .
the nearest airport is luis eduardo magalhães airport , 20 km from the property .
staff at the 24 - hour reception can provide information about what to see and do in navarra .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
richard petty museum is 13 . 5 miles away .
with it ' s sealife aquarium , waterloo is just 30 minutes ' walk away .
operating a 24 - hour front desk , friendly villa is conveniently located a minute ’ s walk from the vibrant angkor night market .
guests can benefit from the hotel ’ s guidebooks .
the health club includes fitness equipment including cardiovascular equipment and an extensive range of free weights .
towels and bed linen are provided in this apartment .
klub strzelecki - pokoje gościnne is located in a quiet , green area and offers simple , yet homely accommodation , as well as 24 - hour front desk service .
new hostel likehome is set in the krasnoselsky district in moscow , 1 . 6 km from olympic stadium and 1 . 9 km from bolshoi theatre .
free wifi and free private parking are provided .
local bus with frequent lines around the town stops just 100 metres away .
the port and town of mytilene are at a distance of 11 km , while mytilene airport is 20 km away .
set 2 . 5 km from kiev expo plaza in kiev , this apartment features free wifi and a terrace . guests benefit from balcony .
a 24 / 7 front desk and free on - site parking are also available .
guests have access to a creek , a terrace and barbecue facilities in the yard .
meeting facilities are on site and free parking is provided .
guests can play a game of pool or table tennis in the games room .
a washing machine and ironing facilities are also available .
a flat - screen tv , a dvd player and a refrigerator can also be found in each room .
free wi - fi access is available in this holiday home .
hotel guests can enjoy free wi - fi , free access to the heavenly spa , and a free shuttle to the v & a waterfront .
this apartment offers a balcony , seating area , washing machine and cable tv . the bathroom comes a hairdryer .
the hotel ' s restaurant offers an à la carte menu and buffet serving starters , cheese and dessert pastries .
every room at this hotel is air conditioned and is fitted with a flat - screen tv .
a safety deposit box and a telephone are also available .
it has a free all - day coffee shop service and free wi - fi .
located within the historic core of split , in the unesco - protected diocletian ' s palace , rooms cardo offers air - conditioned accommodation with free wifi access .
they have laundry facilities and an en suite bathroom with a shower and hairdryer .
there is a seating area , a dining area and a kitchen complete with a microwave , a fridge and a stovetop .
guests can enjoy a continental breakfast each morning at this inn .
maastricht is a 25 - minute drive from hotel kreutzer .
the modern unit is colorfully decorated and offers a living area with sofa bed , a kitchenette and a bathroom with shower .
you can visit the medieval castle located at turo de la roca .
other facilities at saving grace 113842 - 23668 include a barbecue .
puerto vallarta international airport is 35 minutes ’ drive away .
malaga cathedral is 1 km from angosta del carmen loft , while picasso museum is 1 . 2 km away .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
rooms here will provide you with air conditioning and a seating area .
the rooms are decorated in regional style , featuring wooden décor . they share bathroom facilities , one for every two rooms .
featuring free wifi throughout the property , la maison periot offers accommodation in the typical village of trévières .
at apartamento en recoleta guests can request a continental breakfast for an extra fee .
free wi - fi is provided in the entire property .
all units include a flat - screen tv .
located nearby is a farmers market and inglewood neighbourhood .
facilities include a spa centre .
the accommodation is fitted with a cable flat - screen tv . there is a seating and / or dining area in some units . there is also a kitchen , equipped with a refrigerator . each unit is equipped with a private bathroom with a shower .
peacefully located in the protected area of moravsky kras and 19 km from macocha gorge , lux hotel onyx offers a lush garden with a pool and a hot tub and a wellness area .
visp is 27 km away .
featuring a hairdryer , private bathroom also comes with slippers .
the nearest airport is pulkovo airport , 18 km from fortune inn .
featuring a spa and a chinese restaurant , it provides business services and free wifi in all areas .
other facilities include a tour desk and a shared kitchen where guests can cook .
free bicycle use is also offered .
the scenic namsan n tower is only a 7 - minute walk away while incheon international airport is approximately an hour away by car .
rooms at pensao rosinha art gallery house are individually styled and feature a shared bathroom with a hairdryer .
they come with shared bathroom facilities .
set in a historic building dating back to 1891 and located in the centre of cristian , an old and quiet saxonian village situated 3 km from brașov , neustadt villa features a bar , a garden , a barbecue area , and free wifi access in all public areas . the rasnov citadel is 3 km away .
the property offers free parking .
all apartments are surrounded by restaurants and shops .
guests can relax and tan in the garden .
set on a 2 - hectare property , this two - bedroom holiday home is 200 metres from the coast and 1 . 6 km from île - roussse train station .
hercílio luz airport is 90 km away and imbituba bus station is 8 km from the property .
the game room has an air hockey table and a pool table .
with sea views , each air - conditioned apartment is equipped with a tv with cable channels and a kitchen or kitchenette with electric kettle and refrigerator . the private bathroom comes with a shower .
towels are available .
you can engage in various activities , such as fishing and hiking .
the full kitchen is equipped with stainless steel appliances .
there is a shared kitchen at the property .
other facilities offered include games room and a laundry .
the pet - friendly hotel also features an aquarium , a stone - built theatre and a playground .
the kitchen is equipped with a stove , microwave and bbq .
allowing pets upon request for a surcharge , akisol vilamoura ocean is the perfect place to enjoy both the sunny beaches of algarve and the renowned golf courses of vilamoura .
the house is also equipped with a baby cot , a breastfeeding chair and a baby chair .
a hampshire cottage just 1 mile from the new forest national park , auld mother hubbards offers en suite rooms with free parking and wi - fi .
close to the national archaeological museum , dryades hotel is situated in a quiet and relaxing spot near strefi hill , in the vibrant district of exarchia , in athens .
some suites are fitted with a balcony .
airport transfer can be arranged at a surcharge .
guests can make use of free wifi access and free bikes .
offering an outdoor pool , barbecue and terrace , villa ronnaduwa is set in ambalangoda , 7 km from hikkaduwa .
all rooms include free wi - fi .
offering accommodation with air conditioning , apartments milacic is set in budva , 1 . 7 km from mogren beach .
hotel karczyce is located 14 km from wrocław stadium .
set on the 1st floor of an austro - hungarian style villa in opatija , apartment milani is bright and spacious and offers a terrace and free wifi access .
the ride takes about 15 minutes .
there is a full kitchen with granite countertops , a microwave and an oven .
apartments and chalets at apart hotel litoral sul feature a cable tv and air conditioning .
an en suite bathroom is provided with towels and free toiletries .
each elegant air - conditioned room here will provide you with a flat - screen cable tv , seating area and a balcony .
free wifi access is available in this homestay .
praslin island airport is located 43 km away .
situated in a green area of agva , ekoland hotel offers accommodation in a wooden house surrounded by pine trees .
the rooms feature a contemporary décor and include en suite bathrooms with hairdryer .
studios and apartments boast a kitchenette .
at villa valentin you will find barbecue facilities .
hotel ayvengo is located in the same building with a shopping centre .
myeongdong street is a 20 - minute subway ride and the historical jongmyo shrine and changdeok palace are a 30 - minute drive away .
its spacious rooms offer cable tv with hbo .
every room at this hotel is air conditioned and comes with a flat - screen tv .
a tv is offered .
hrc de schelphoek benefits from rooms with a pair of armchairs , cable tv and a work desk .
set in gardens , the villa features a private outdoor pool and sun terrace with barbecue facilities .
the royal durban golf course is just 2 km away .
hamamatsu castle and hamamatsu park are a 5 - minute drive from the property .
you will find a kettle in the room .
the historic cambodian independence monument is placed 1 . 5 km from the hotel .
the on - site restaurant serves a variety of shandong dishes .
the staff will be very happy to greet you in the rin express , and the 2 restaurants which together seat up to 230 guests offer rustic , homely dishes as well as international cuisine .
rimini train station is a 5 - minute walk from the property .
housed in a 19th - century , wooden mansion , this hotel offers ottoman - style rooms with free wi - fi in the sultanahmet district .
situated in rouffach , along the alsatian wine route and 600 metres from the train station , studio rouffach offers a garden and a furnished terrace .
the property organises a daily city tour and pub crawl .
clarion hotel hagerstown is 2 miles from hagerstown roundhouse museum .
this features a gym and different saunas .
with their room confirmation details , guests have use of the db ( deutsche bahn ) lounge within the train station . guests also enjoy free public transport in stuttgart for the length of their stay .
plovdiv ’ s historical centre and the antique theatre can be reached in 10 minutes on foot .
certain rooms include a seating area where you can relax .
breakfast is offered daily .
. other facilities like laundry facilities are offered .
there is a dining area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher , an oven and microwave .
the private bathrooms have a bath and a bidet .
sighisoara is famous for its 13th - century clock tower , which is nowadays a museum of history .
the kessler ' s kulm is situated on the wolfgang pass , next to davos - wolfgang train station and a 10 - minute bus ride from the centre of davos .
amenities include air conditioning , free wi - fi , and a flat - screen tv with a dvd player .
the hotel includes a shared lounge for you to take a break .
enjoy quaint and clean accommodation close to the centre of oudtshoorn , daisy tree cottage is a self - catering garden cottage with an outdoor pool .
fitted with both air conditioning and heating , the comfortable rooms of the seagull on the bund are equipped with a flat - screen cable / satellite tv and minibar .
panadura city is 3 km away and bandaranaike international airport is 60 km away .
a refrigerator and microwave are also featured in each room .
the property offers free parking .
a 5 - minute drive to boulevard shopping complex , precious guest house is a 10 - minute drive to miri heritage centre and canada hill .
each comes with shared bathroom facilities with a shower and a washing machine .
car hire is available at the property and the area is popular for fishing .
abc sweet studios are around 30 km away from the main town and port of corfu , as well as from ioannis kapodistrias international airport .
all apartments at lapland hotel ounasvaara chalets feature a private terrace and a living room with satellite tv .
accommodation comes with a patio or balcony looking onto the garden .
the private bathroom has a multi - jet shower .
guests may cook their own meals in the equipped kitchen .
a 5 - minute walk from jr gotanda train station on the yamanote line , hotel mystays gotanda offers rooms with a flat - screen tv and free wifi access .
phuket international airport is 35 km away .
it features a restaurant , business centre and complimentary wi - fi access throughout its premises .
the kitchen at 2 marlborough court , tranquility apartment is fully equipped with a fridge , microwave , and an oven .
king fahad international airport is 45 minutes by car from dorrat al jubail 3 .
it offers accommodation with a balcony .
shangyuan chain hotel ( zhan qian road branch ) is a 10 - minute walk from liuhua lake park and a 10 - minute walk from white horse clothing market .
each apartment is additionally fitted with a kitchenette and dining area .
peterborough is a 19 . 6 - mile drive away and march railway station is 4 . 8 miles away .
breakfast is served in the building next door .
six flags new england is 15 miles away . the volleyball hall of fame is 5 minutes ’ drive from the hotel .
each modern and stylish apartment features free wifi and a terrace with barbecue facilities .
with a private bathroom , rooms at hotel saint - charles have an individual design décor and include a cable flat - screen tv , fridge and free wi - fi .
guests can use a tennis court and play table tennis for free .
parking is free on site .
lindos is at a distance of 4 km , while a variety of water sport facilities can be found within 3 km .
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower and slippers in each unit .
divan cukurhan ankara offers a convenient 24 - hour front desk service and a library .
the bright rooms here are equipped with a flat - screen tv with satellite channels , a sofa bed , a desk , and a private bathroom with a shower .
the nearest airport is malaga airport , 60 km from the property .
a sweet and savoury continental buffet breakfast is served daily in the breakfast room of cristina hotel .
guests can enjoy discounted rates at a partner beach area .
all rooms and most apartments also offer free wifi .
guests at the property can take advantage of a wellness area , comprising 2 finnish saunas , a steam bath , 2 infra - red cabins and a solarium .
the hotel is located between place des vosges and centre georges pompidou .
the tropicana lodge is located 900 metres from bocas del toro main square and 650 metres from isla colon international airport .
relaxing thai massages are available on the premises .
ski equipment can be hired on site , and ski passes can be purchased at reception .
it features its own lift right next to the hotel .
sightseeing arrangements can be made at the tour desk .
cindro house is 400 metres away .
the accommodation is air conditioned and features a seating area .
the shopping street of kneza mihailova is 3 km away .
rooms and bungalows are fitted with a kitchenette . they come with a flat - screen satellite tv , air conditioning and seating area .
the nearest airport is antalya airport , 59 km from the property .
some rooms have a seating area for your convenience .
they comprise a separate bedroom , a fully equipped kitchen with a seating area and a private bathroom .
the nearest airport is zadar airport , 19 km from apartmani mare .
en suite bathrooms come with free toiletries and shower facilities .
panoramic views can be enjoyed from the bar terrace and restaurant .
wollongong is 50 minutes ’ away .
other facilities offered include luggage storage .
located 4 km from the centre of la tranche - sur - mer , domaine st anne offers a self - catering apartment with a terrace and access to a seasonal , outdoor swimming pool . the beach is only 150 metres away .
wifi is free in public areas , and a shared kitchen and lounge are also available .
it offers cosy accommodation with wooden furnishings and homemade local food . free wi - fi is accessible in all rooms .
the restaurant serves gourmet pub cuisine , from finest meats to traditional english food with a mediterranean touch .
the restaurant serves typical brazilian specialties , and guests can order 24 - hour refreshments at the snack bar .
there is also a café .
the accommodation will provide you with a seating area and tv . the bathroom has a shower .
the restaurant is open in winter and serves tyrolean cuisine and vegetarian dishes , while the bar provides coffee , drinks and snacks .
featuring free wifi throughout the property , albi ' s apartment is set in sarandë , 29 km from corfu town .
tel aviv marina is 3 km from this apartment .
the nearest airport is gabala international airport , 90 km from guesthouse ilisu .
paradise center , a vast shopping and entertainment centre , is 2 . 5 km away .
there is a full kitchen with an oven and a refrigerator .
the hotel has a spa centre and sauna , and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant .
located in lubuskie lake district , in a small town of ośno lubuskie , pensjonat afrodyta spa offers comfortable rooms with satellite tv and free wi - fi .
the town of noya is just 16 km away , while the city of santiago is 40 km away .
furthermore cottage delivery can be arranged upon request .
motor inn casino is within a 5 - minute drive of casino folk museum and the casino golf club .
featuring free wifi , apartment akter gjelaksi offers accommodation in matsesta , 3 . 8 km from sochi dendrarium and 4 km from agur waterfalls .
packed lunches are available on request and a vending machine is provided .
they each include a private bathroom with a shower .
rooms at the villa del seminario - casa diocesana are fitted with antique furnishings , terracotta floors and rustic - style wood - beamed ceilings .
located in the beautiful mammoth lakes region , the sierra nevada resort & spa features a seasonal outdoor pool and access to nearby skiing . free wifi and area shuttle service are offered .
lake volvi is a short walking distance from the property , while stavros , asprovalta and vrasna areas can be reached within a 15 - minute drive .
wifi as well as private parking can be provided upon an additional cost .
guests benefit from balcony .
all of the colourful guest rooms offer free wi - fi .
access to our exercise room , seasonal outdoor pool and laundry facilities is also provided .
guests can dine in the hotel ’ s restaurant , or use on - site barbecue facilities . darts , horse riding , table tennis and billiards can be enjoyed in raduga izhevsk .
set on the edge of the town 500 metres from a beach of the lipno dam , miraka 339 offers modern furnishings , a garden with barbecue facilities and fishing , that is possible 500 metres off ; free parking is available nearby .
redmond regional medical center is 5 minutes ' drive away .
the hampton inn and suites is one mile from the austin bergstrom international airport .
just a 5 - minute drive from grand mall , al ferdous hotel apartments occupies a beachfront location in muscat .
the nearest airport is split airport , 63 km from apartments glibić 3567 .
the augusta mall is 4 km from the augusta red carpet inn . central augusta is 10 minutes ' drive away .
various cafes and restaurants are situated within a 10 - minute walk .
certain units include a seating area to relax in after a busy day .
it features self - catering accommodation with free wi - fi throughout and a free car tour of palermo city by night .
the property is 4 km from copacabana beach .
it is just 50 metres from the sea and a 20 - minute walk from sorrento .
this family - run , 3 - star superior hotel in birkenfeld offers comfortably furnished rooms , a traditional restaurant and free parking .
chiang mai international airport is 70 km from the property .
parking is available .
this boutique hotel houses a permanent display of art from papua new guinea .
with views of the patio , all the rooms and suites at riad le rihani are individually decorated and feature a tv , air - conditioning and a private bathroom .
rooms are fitted with a safe deposit box , electric kettle and minibar .
staff at the tour desk can assist you with sightseeing trips , free shuttle services and car / bicycle rentals .
the hotel also offers laundry and ironing services .
the guest house is 4 . 9 km from praça da graça and 9 . 4 km from pedra do sal beach .
the property offers free parking .
the a1 main road is just over 3 miles away and you can reach lincoln , nottingham and the coast within an hour by car .
the guest house has a communal kitchen and a café .
certain units feature a seating area for your convenience .
guests can enjoy a large outdoor swimming pool and free wi - fi access in public area .
very near a bus stop offering a quick connection to varna and its airport , the hotel offers a number of spacious rooms that prove ideal for a family holiday .
extras include a barbecue and garden furniture .
for relaxation , guests can visit the thermal baths in the swiss town of bad zurzach ( 8 km ).
some units feature a minibar .
sopot railway station is 400 metres away .
the warmly decorated rooms include a hairdryer , tea - and coffee - making facilities and a 37 - inch flat - screen cable tv . some rooms at boca raton quality inn offer a work desk .
at the on - site restaurant , you can enjoy continental breakfast , as well as cretan and international flavours for dinner .
located in monte carlo , a short walk from the beach and the harbor , sea front view - perfect location offers self - catering accommodation . this property is 1 . 5 km from monaco casino .
other facilities offered at the property include a tour desk , luggage storage and dry cleaning .
located 6 km from the perched village of peillon , l ' auberge romaine features a restaurant - bar and a terrace .
you can enjoy a garden view from the room .
a buffet breakfast is served daily .
the nearest airport is barcelona el prat airport , 24 km from the property .
it also features a seating area with a sofa , and a washing machine .
located in agadir , luxury studio offers an indoor pool and a spa and wellness centre .
snacks are available in the evening and there are a number of restaurants in the centre of rostock , a 20 - minute drive away .
set within 10 acres of peaceful gardens and woodland , the woodbrooke quaker study centre features free wi - fi throughout and free parking .
accommodation has a contemporary design .
apartment forsthaus 13 is a self - catering accommodation located in strobl and offers an apartment with a tv and a balcony .
air conditioning , a minibar and tea and coffee making facilities feature in all the rooms at hotel des nations .
the historical centre of esztergon , set 4 . 2 km away .
kiev city centre is approximately 4 metro stops away .
you can play tennis at the property , and the area is popular for golfing and snorkeling .
pacific rim national park reserve is 10 km from the pacific rim water ’ s edge .
sited 4 miles from will rogers downs , this claremore , oklahoma hotel has a continental breakfast and a 24 - hour front desk to serve guests any time .
the property offers free parking .
free private parking is available on site .
upper - floor apartments come with a balcony , while all have air conditioning and parquet floors .
other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities and a children ' s playground .
hotel il vigneto offers air - conditioned rooms with free wi - fi and flat - screen tv .
the restaurant has an extensive menu with meat , fish and vegetarian dishes .
free on - site parking is available as well .
free wifi is offered .
set in a forested area with a garden , juhlamenot cottages offers self - catering accommodation just 25 km from centres of helsinki and porvoo .
hotel dar mounir offers both a restaurant and café serving traditional moroccan dishes .
several shops , bars and restaurants can be found within a 3 - minute walk of the property .
celtic football club stadium is under 10 minutes ’ drive away .
offering an outdoor pool in the tree - lined park , la merveille is an english - owned property set in the normandy countryside in le luot .
leitariegos ski resort can be reached in 20 minutes by car .
some have unobstructed sea views .
enjoy in - villa dining with a private chef or head to local restaurants located within a 5 - minute ride away .
local buses stop 20 metres away , while the main bus station and ferry port can be found 500 metres from the property .
with garden views , each room comes with basic furnishings including a wardrobe and tiled floor .
regional dishes and pizza are served at penzion portus ’ restaurant .
free parking is on site .
rooms at the family - run almrausch have carpeted floors and wooden furnishings .
each room will provide you with air conditioning , a wardrobe and tiled floor . featuring a shower , the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer .
located a 2 - minute walk from the hidirlik tower with panoramic views of the mediterranean sea , this white - washed pension with wooden window frames offer a garden with palm , orange and mulberry trees .
pinto guest house has a doctor on call 24 - hours a day and offers bicycle rental facilities at a surcharge to those who want to discover the charms of goa on two wheels .
it is a 45 - minute drive from ubud area .
located in benidorm , 700 metres from mal pas beach , hotel primavera park boasts an outdoor pool , a terrace and an on - site restaurant .
hostal babia has bar and a restaurant .
forte dei marmi is 18 km from casa viareggio , while livorno is 47 km from the property .
guest house na lenina is located in anapa , 41 km from novorossiysk .
a flat - screen tv and a minibar are included .
at tupirmarka lodge you will find a 24 - hour front desk , room service , and a snack bar .
there are also vending machines for drinks and snacks .
klára villa apartman offers shuttle services .
they are heated and the private bathroom comes with a hairdryer , bathrobe and amenities .
further facilities include a large fitness room , free wifi , free outdoor parking and a games room for children .
in the summertime , guess can dine on the hotel ' s terrace which has views of the moselle river .
the kitchen features an oven and a toaster .
tel aviv ben - gurion airport is a one - hour drive away .
at kochi marriott hotel , guests can make use of concierge services , currency exchange and car rental services .
partial sea views are available from the balcony .
ferienhaus alicja is located on the shore of kłodno lake in the centre of kaszuby landscape park .
studios and apartments at the azzurro feature a kitchenette , seating / dining area and private bathroom .
located in the heart of downtown cairo , the australian hostel is a 10 - minute walk from the egyptian museum and 15 minutes ' walk from the bus station .
2 restaurants and the stara koca ( old cottage ) with a fireplace offer traditional pohorje / slovenian and international cuisine .
krakow - balice airport is located 7 , 7 km away .
the crowne plaza guangzhou science city is a 25 - minute drive from guangzhou east railway station and a 45 - minute drive from baiyun international airport .
the d2 highway exit is 1 . 5 km away .
the alpe di suisi ski area is 6 km away .
shops and restaurants can be reached within a short walk , while the famous waterfalls are at 1 km .
al saor offers functional rooms with free wi - fi in the cannaregio district , a 5 - minute walk from rialto bridge .
both have a fully equipped kitchen with an oven and microwave .
free wi - fi access is available .
the kitchen is equipped with a fridge , microwave and washing machine .
private bathroom is equipped with a shower .
the apartment is less than 30 minutes ’ drive from cocowalk shopping center and marlins park .
nicely located , villa cielo is within 40 minutes ’ drive from beautiful cap de formentor .
you can play tennis at the property , and the area is popular for golfing and horse riding .
you can go hiking in the forest or enjoy nature tours .
there is a private bathroom with bathrobes and free toiletries .
lugo is 33 km away .
this organic farm is 2 . 5 km from the centre of walchsee and the walchsee ski area .
são vicente is 13 km from cantinho da relva , while são jorge is 26 km from the property .
they come with a private bathroom stocked with toiletries and a hairdryer .
free parking is possible on site .
a 24 - hour reception is available at fountain motel santa maria .
offering a free bike rental service and an outdoor pool , hotel villa mare is located just a 2 - minute walk from the beach at riccione .
lemon apartments is 1 . 4 km from plaza de mayo square and puerto madero waterfront . aeroparque jorge newbery airport is 8 km from the property .
free wi - fi , flat - screen tv and air conditioning are standard in all rooms at rosa del tirreno .
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge and ski storage .
towels and bed linen are provided in this self - catering accommodation .
tapachula international trade fair and the city ’ s train station are both within 700 metres .
elliott bed and breakfast is located in toronto ' s west end , 5 km from downtown .
the fischstüberl rottau is an ideal base for hiking , cycling and skiing in the chiemgau region .
free wifi is offered throughout .
a rich buffet breakfast is available every day .
guests can also make use of a gym .
every unit has a private bathroom with free toiletries .
guests can relax in the turkish bath or in the solarium while massages are bookable at extra costs twice a week .
located next to capital bus station , the property is a 10 - minute tuk tuk ride from ochheuteal beach and a 15 - minute taxi ride from sihanoukville international airport .
this central minsk apartment hotel offers individually decorated accommodations with free wi - fi and flat - screen tv .
ideally located in changchun ’ s city centre , global hotel changchun offers modern and bright rooms with free wired internet .
river rock estate is a 1 - hour drive from queenstowns main ski fields , coronet peak and the remarkables ski area .
located in kominternovsky district of voronezh , prospekt apartments na nevskogo offer free wifi .
bulgarian and international cuisine is served in the buffet restaurant , which overlooks the pool area and the adjoining terrace .
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings , including cycling and fishing .
at the lookout inn you will find a well - tended garden .
there are two private bathrooms which both come with a shower .
the restoration was carried out with full respect for the typical characteristics of the buildings , inserting some new modern features , decorating the complex according to the most refined tuscan customs and finally , adding a pleasantly integrated swimming pool . the staff are happy to offer you a relaxing stay with the freedom and privacy you need .
all rooms at the weingut gutsschänke rademacher feature satellite tv , and some also include a terrace with great countryside views .
there are slippers and free toiletries prepared in the bathroom attached .
b & b room 116 is centrally located in naples and it features elegant and modern rooms and free wifi throughout .
fresh bread rolls can be delivered to your room every morning .
offering free wi - fi access and free private parking , this hotel was opened in 2011 .
holiday home vandflodvej x is located in blåvand .
private dining is possible with room service .
it offers rooms with free wi - fi access and a wardrobe .
there is an à la carte restaurant , buffet breakfast and 24 - hour room service .
it offers self - catering accommodation with sea views and free wifi .
a rich breakfast is served everyday in the charming breakfast room .
the property has free private parking .
the daily breakfast buffet includes many regional products .
it is within a 10 - minute walk from at least 3 dining options .
each room is fitted with a flat - screen tv . you will find a kettle in the room . each room is equipped with a private bathroom equipped with a bath .
free wi - fi access and cable tv with hbo are included in every room at howard johnson conway .
a free shuttle is available to / from yudanaka train station .
enjoy a relaxing beach holiday at chom view hotel with a large pool and pool bar offering sea views .
a villa dating back to the 18th century , grand hotel la sonrisa is set in wonderful gardens and a park of 50000 m2 .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and bathrobes .
a washing machine is provided and some units have a tumble dryer .
the closest restaurant is only 200 metres from the property and a grocery shop can be found 4 km away .
the suite additionally offers a hot tub .
being in the centre of ciampino you are surrounded by cafés and restaurants .
elegantly decorated with bedspreads in mantel colours , rooms feature parquet floors and floor - to - ceiling windows .
rich buffet breakfasts are provided at the fffz hotel .
an agriturismo nearby serves maremma dishes at discounted rates .
the 24 - hour front desk can help with luggage storage .
free outdoor parking is possible on site and a lockable garage parking space is available for a surcharge .
the 2 bedroom property trafalgarvej is located in hvide sande and is 70 km from billund airport .
free wi - fi is available .
set within a nature reserve with 5 km of private beaches , xixim unique mayan hotel offers luxurious suites with direct beach access .
the villa offers 4 bedrooms , 2 bathrooms , 2 living rooms , a library and kitchen .
this property provides you with handy access to the nearby madrid barajas airport , the motorway network and the city centre via line 1 of the metro .
the nearest airport is pulkovo airport , 15 km from apartment on nevskiy prospekt 68 / 3 .
intimate candlelight dinners can be arranged in villas .
the aparthotel along with the parking lot are guarded .
free public parking is possible at 100 metres .
es quatre cantons has a bar and a restaurant , serving local cuisine .
located 13 miles north of the louisiana border , this el dorado , arkansas hotel is 6 minutes ’ drive from the south arkansas art center .
each of the self - catering apartments at disilitca has its own private balcony . they are equipped with cooking facilities and a modern bathroom .
hotel piramide is just 500 metres from the unspoilt paxariñas beach , in galicia ’ s pontevedra region .
you can enjoy relaxing in the lounge room with a game of chess and an international library .
the classic - style air - conditioned rooms feature a minibar and a flat - screen tv with satellite channels . the bathroom comes with bathrobes , slippers , a hairdryer and free toiletries .
a hearty breakfast is available in the waldfrieden ’ s breakfast room .
some bedrooms have vaulted ceilings .
offering a restaurant , big sky lodge is located in crochu , with the popular cabier beach within a 15 - minute walk .
the hotel is a 4 - minute walk from the bus terminal and a 3 - minute walk from the main square .
it offers air - conditioned accommodation .
owners can also arrange fishing trips , as well as guided tours of several destinations in montenegro .
ben siesta provides excellent facilities and affordable luxury in serene surroundings , plus the comfort of home .
private bathrooms also come with a bath .
poznań ’ s main railway station is 10 minutes away by tram .
for your comfort , you will find bath robes and free toiletries .
guests can enjoy local dishes at the onsite restaurant .
enjoy a drink in the lounge where photos of chaplin decorate the walls .
pod camps bay serves a full breakfast made from fresh local ingredients .
chagny is 14 km away and free private parking is possible .
villa riccona is situated in jawczyce , just 10 minutes ’ drive from the centre of warsaw .
the hotel has a bar and 2 restaurants serving regional and french cuisine .
there are 4 independent bedrooms and the bathrooms include the towels .
a ski storage room with a ski boot dryer is available at haus sunnseitn .
in addition , guests can also make use of the meeting facilities and fax / photocopying .
the picturesque mountain village of portaria is at 16 km .
all rooms come with a flat - screen tv .
jenny ' s guest house features air - conditioned rooms with free wi - fi in kuching . guests have access to a shared kitchen , where light cooking is allowed and a shared lounge .
mountain biking and hiking are popular leisure activities in the area .
the en suite bathroom offers shower facilities , toiletries , a spray bidet and slippers .
you can play table tennis at the property , and the area is popular for cycling .
estes park is 40 minutes ’ drive from the motel .
blue corner is 300 metres from segara beach inn , while mangrove point is 1 . 8 km from the property .
the nearest airport is tbilisi international airport , 16 km from guest house don .
the putz offers self - catering apartments with free wifi on a hillside location in oberwinkel .
contemporary cuisine can be enjoyed in la lorelei restaurant , while seasonal dishes are offered in roots brasserie .
perugia san francesco d ' assisi airport is 6 km away .
guests can enjoy panoramic views of the manhattan skyline from the on - site fitness centre .
there is a dj most evenings .
bike hire and car hire are available at the property and the area is popular for horse riding .
old town ulcinj is 250 metres away while long beach can be reached within 5 km .
all units are equipped with air conditioning , tv and bathroom amenities .
centrally located in annecy , just a 5 - minute walk from the train station , hotel central is set in an 18th building .
set in weligama , villa weli features a garden and outdoor pool .
free private parking is possible on site .
the common tv room offers a dvd player and a movie library and a barbecue facility is available on - site .
erzsébet bridge can be reached within 500 metres .
there are many restaurants , cafés , bars and shops just a few steps away .
guests can have fun at the bowling alley .
this guest house provides free parking and wi - fi and is located on a 120 - acre farm .
the inn provides ticketing service for guests in need . other leisure facilities include a children ' s playground and a sun terrace .
the unit is 1 . 3 km from cortina - col drusciè , and guests benefit from free wifi and private parking available on site .
the closest bus stop is 3 minutes on foot away , while the train station can be reached in a 5 - minute drive .
within 5 minutes walking distance , you will reach the grand place and several restaurants , bars and shops .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
st . gallen is 46 km from zum torkelhaus , while friedrichshafen is 33 km from the property .
situated in savannah , tennessee , this motel features free morning coffee and free wi - fi .
located in the heart of bangkok city , golden house apartment offers guests with comfortable rooms .
the billiard table is available upon request .
within 5 minutes ’ walk of the bed and breakfast there are the shops , pubs and restaurants of emersons green .
complimentary tea and coffee is available 24 hours a day in the guest lounge .
the on - site restaurant serves a spread of indonesian and western delights .
the apartment is designed in bright colours and features a flat - screen tv and a washing machine .
featuring warm tones and modern - style design with wall - to - wall mirrors , all rooms at kreoli hotel have carpeted floors and include a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
burgas airport is located 24 . 5 km away .
san francisco international airport is 19 km away .
the hotel provides laundry , currency exchange and airport shuttle services .
scenic devonshire coastal towns , beaches and dartmoor national park are all within a 15 - minute drive .
rooms come with a private or shared bathroom .
free wifi is available throughout the property , including the garden .
enjoy a cup of coffee or tea from your balcony or patio .
guest house panorama karpat features free wifi .
some scottish inn suites include a stovetop , microwave , and small refrigerator .
batory shopping centre is 2 . 2 km from apartament na grabówku , while świętojańska street is 2 . 5 km away .
guests at magiossi hotel can take advantage of the gym , spa and sauna facilities . a playground is available on site while children can also watch cartoon films in the cinema room .
all rooms have a private bathroom and a minibar .
if you book a stay of 2 weeks or more between 9 june and 28 august , you have 1 free parasol and 2 free sun loungers here .
it features modern rooms , a lá carte restaurant with a spacious terrace where you can enjoy lake views .
the hotel is just 400 metres from the nearest shops and restaurants , and 450 metres from colombia metro station .
the john labatt centre is 5 km away .
an italian - style breakfast is available daily and can be enjoyed in the breakfast room with sofa or in the garden when the weather is fine .
the longchamp racecourse is 2 km away .
there is also a variety of nightlife and places to eat .
other services such as car hire , bicycle rentals and shuttle services can all be arranged .
set on the kupa riverbank , holiday home švertfajer is located in reštovo .
offering maple natural light , all rooms come with a flat - screen cable tv , an electric kettle , a work desk and a seating area .
every romantic room offers plush chairs perfect for relaxation .
the property also offers free parking .
rooms come with a private bathroom offering shower facility and free toiletries .
the garden includes a sun terrace , a children ’ s playground , and barbecue facilities .
located near magaliesberg mountain , purple olive guest house offers modern accommodation along with free wi - fi near the historic wonderboom nature reserve .
guests can enjoy the lovely open views and complete bathroom facilities .
guests can relax on the playa mar ’ s terrace and make use of barbecue facilities in the pine forest opposite .
public transportation vehicles such as tram and buses are within a walking distance .
alloggi marinella is family managed .
gasthof weyerhof also has a courtyard and a garden .
cable tv and a private bathroom are included in every room , and some have a balcony with views of the moselle and cochem castle .
featuring an on site restaurant , hotel ariston offers accommodation in mar del plata , only 500 metres from mar del plata central casino .
live music and entertainment are organised during the evening .
there are four private bathrooms that come with a shower .
featuring an outdoor pool , a sauna and sun beds , pension restaurace pretty has a garden with a barbecue and offers rooms with free wi - fi and satellite tv .
fitted with wooden flooring , all rooms come with heating , a flat - screen cable tv , a seating area , a work desk , an electric kettle and a private bathroom with a hairdryer and a shower .
it is 4 km away to biała podlaska train station .
juan gualberto gómez airport is 32 km away .
lovely flower gardens and olive trees surround this unique little resort .
offering an outdoor pool and bbq area , casa toscana is located in aquiraz , 800 metres from porto das dunas beach .
it offers self - contained lakefront accommodation with a full kitchen .
the property has bbq facilities and ironing service .
all anastasia rooms have free wi - fi , a tv and a private bathroom with either bath or shower .
the stone - built romantica apartments lies within 500 metres from the long , sandy beach of falassarna in chania .
vanha nyyssölä is located in ähtäri , 48 km from keuruu .
rooms have a shared bathroom .
the university of minnesota , the metrodome and the numerous shops at nicollet mall are all easily accessible from the minneapolis convention center holiday inn express .
the bright rooms of the 2a hostel are furnished in a contemporary style .
mogren beach is 2 . 5 km from the property , while budva old town can be reached in 2 . 9 km .
each room offers views of the volcanic hillside and includes a private bathroom with a shower and hairdryer .
zadar ferry port and the numerous bars and restaurants are only steps away .
the property offers free parking .
guests can enjoy mountain and sea views from this property .
ikla hostel is located close to the latvian border , on the e67 via baltica motorway and it offers accommodation with free private parking and wi - fi in public areas . a beach is just 3 km away .
ssr international airport is 48 km away .
located 15 - minute walk from both jemaâ el fna square and from the majorelle gardens , riad dar el aila offers a swimming pool , a terrace with views of the medina and the atlas mountains , and a massage room and a hammam .
the rooms at cirali irmak hotel come with simple furnishings .
the garden includes deck chairs and a children ’ s playground .
taksim metro station is only a 10 - minute walk from the property .
the bus station of piazzale roma is 250 metres away .
sarajevo airport is 50 km away .
located in central ma ' ufanga , ' utu ' one christian b & b offers rooms with a balcony , free wi - fi and free continental breakfast .
the property is 20 km from london and free private parking is available .
the rooms offer air conditioning and tv .
the property is just 1 . 5 km from the 12th century mota castle .
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings , including cycling and fishing .
bridgeview sydney self - contained apartment is equipped with air - conditioning , heating , a separate dining area and a renovated , gourmet kitchen with granite bench - tops , a bosch dishwasher , nespress coffee machine and coffee pods .
private parking is available on site with an additional cost .
they also have a private balcony .
the 3 - star hotel ladenmühle offers spacious , comfortably furnished rooms with modern amenities , including free wireless internet access and lovely views .
from monday until saturday , freshly baked bread rolls are available at a surcharge .
the ski bus stop is just 100 meters from the property and it will take in a few minutes to the dolomiti superski lifts
the nearest airport is valencia airport , 8 km from the property .
grandbury plantation inn has vending machines and bbq facilities , so guests can enjoy an outdoor meal when weather permits .
located in nantucket , massachusetts , this guest accommodation is 10 minutes ’ walk from steamboat wharf and the hyannis – nantucket ferry .
the rooms have a flat - screen tv .
a flat - screen tv with satellite channels is offered .
all guest rooms include a cable tv , small refrigerator , and coffee - making facilities .
the accommodation will provide you with a tv and air conditioning .
breakfast is available at a nearby café .
offering an outdoor pool , pousada dos anjos paracuru is located 20 metres from praia da bica beach , and 300 metres from paracuru city centre .
the mediterranean sea is a 15 - minute drive away .
the modern 3 - star aqua hotel is a part of the druskininkai aqua park complex .
guests can unwind at the biospa wellness centre , which includes a sauna , turkish bath , hot tub and relaxation area with a selection of organic tea .
bang rak pier is only 400 metres away and 1 . 2 km from jungle minigolf .
taksim metro station , 200 metres away , offers easy access to other sites in the city .
featuring free wi - fi , adele apartments offers modern apartments in yekaterinburg .
palace square is 500 metres from hochu priehat na bolshoy morskoy , while hermitage museum is 600 metres from the property .
each room here will provide you with a terrace , a seating area and a personal safe .
daily breakfast is served in open buffet style .
there is a private bathroom with a bath , bidet and shower , and slippers and a hairdryer are available .
the nearest airport is london city airport , 2 km from the property .
lloret beach is 200 metres away .
apartments also include a kitchenette .
services provided at pousada ouro sobre azul include local trips , car rental and airport shuttle . massage sessions can also be scheduled .
admiralty building is 3 . 1 km from apartments on egorova , while palace square is 3 . 2 km away .
guests can find many tapas bars , restaurants and shops nearby the hotel .
guests can enjoy international gourmet dishes in à la carte restaurant l ' ecureuil .
posada manuel de lobo has air - conditioned rooms with cable tv and private bathrooms .
vending machines for snacks and drinks are also on the property .
eco club savage kizomys features free wifi throughout the property .
each room comes with a private bathroom .
the youngest can enjoy themselves at bajlandia , a children ’ s recreation area , accessible free of charge .
ski passes can be bought on site , and a supermarket and several restaurants are within a 2 - minute walk .
hotel phoenix can be found in the quiet wiesti quarter of zermatt .
offering a large spa area with an indoor swimming pool , this 4 - star superior hotel is located in altenmarkt - zauchensee . the gamskogelbahn cable car is just in front of the property and provides access to the ski amadé ski region .
the property proposes self - catering apartments with free wi - fi and access to the south - facing garden .
fort smith airport is 84 km away .
all villas of ashoka tree resort at tanggayuda are equipped with free wifi , air conditioning , satellite tv , and a bathroom with a rain shower .
hotel wellness facilities include massages , baths , saunas and hot tubs .
located in the bustling seoul city , baekje hotel is a 15 - minute walk from gayang subway station .
the scenic centre of opatija can be reached within 5 km .
500 metres away , guests can reach the glemmy offroad park , offering off - road quad tours , parcours and snow karting .
the opava main bus and train station can be reached on foot in 10 minutes .
the property is located a 10 - minute drive from venice , while venice marco polo airport is 10 km away .
located in camp bonaca , in srima , 4 km from the centre of vodice , mobile houses bonaca offer fully equipped air - conditioned mobile homes with a shared outdoor pool , a shared barbecue area with tables and chairs and parasols .
throughout the inn guests can admire historic accents and antique decor .
naples international airport is 38 km away .
families travelling with children under the age of 16 are required to book private rooms .
airport transfers are offered for an extra charge .
tbilisi international airport is a 2 - hour drive away .
free wifi is available on site .
opening to a patio and terrace with pool , garden and mountain views , the 4 - bedroom villa pantelis includes air conditioning , a fireplace and a fully equipped kitchen with a dining area . a seating area with a tv and a bathroom with free toiletries and bathrobes come standard .
located 1 . 6 km from burgas opera house in burgas city , this air - conditioned apartment features a terrace .
a breakfast buffet is served every morning .
free wifi access is available .
a coin - operated launderette and bicycle rentals are available for guests .
set 2 km from the smolyan lakes and the ski lift , chapov guest rooms offers rooms with free wifi .
there is also a shared lounge and shared kitchen .
located in the sugana valley in northern italy , hotel vezzena offers mountain - style accommodation with free wi - fi and free parking .
cittavivere suites is approximately an hour ’ s drive from metro manila , while ninoy aquino international airport is within a 2 - hour drive away .
comfort inn and suites cedar city rooms include a microwave and refrigerator .
guests can relax at the hot tub or utilise the hotel ’ s massage services .
the work tops are made from black marble and give the kitchen a high quality feel .
a flat - screen tv and dvd player , as well as a cd player are provided .
in the evening , make new friends and delve into the hearty cuisine in the cosy hotel stube .
guests will have access to the business centre throughout their stay .
the scenic salamina is at 9 km .
there is a seating area , flat - screen cable tv , heating and a fan .
each tent is made of camel skin like the ones used by nomadic people , lined with traditional carpets .
this group of country villas is located in the hills of canalda , 8 km from port del comte ski resort . it is based on the promotion of sustainable , ancient practices of the region .
a bus stop ( line r ) is right outside the garni - technikerhaus , providing direct connections to innsbruck main train station .
tre canne is 3 . 2 km from jaz beach .
just a 2 - minute walk from mamitas beach in playa del carmen , penthouse sacbe blue sky offers a private rooftop terrace with a plunge pool . guests also have access to a communal outdoor pool .
discounts are available at nearby restaurants and pizzerias .
there are garden and mountain views from the accommodation .
free private parking is available on site .
the residence also has vending machines , a tv room and a self - service laundry .
the emerald bay golf club is less than 15 miles away .
each mobile home features a private , furnished terrace . mobile homes have an equipped kitchenette and a private bathroom fitted with a shower .
stureplan ' s shopping , restaurants and nightlife are within 5 minutes ' walk .
there is a full kitchenette with a dishwasher and a microwave .
all rooms have a balcony with panoramic mountain views .
towels and bed linen are featured in this self - catering accommodation .
the restaurant specialises in typical regional cuisine .
free toiletries are provided .
the apartments offer a sofa , washing machine and ironing facilities . the bathrooms provide a hairdryer .
the property offers free parking .
ca ' d ' giorgetto is 2 . 5 km from the centre of busca and a 25 - minute drive from cuneo .
the hotel has 22 comfortable simple and double rooms .
the villa comes with a well equipped kitchen , dining area and a living room with a flat - screen cable tv .
the bohemian street of skadarska offers various restaurants that serve traditional serbian cuisine , and is located 4 . 2 km away .
relax in the sauna and treat yourself to a buffet breakfast and regional cuisine at the restaurant .
it is a 20 - minute drive to phuket fantasea and a 35 - minute drive to phuket international airport .
guests will find a great variety of restaurants serving the local gastronomy within walking distance .
mobile homes are modern and come with a bathroom with shower .
s2s resort bangkok is a 30 - minute drive from suvarnabhumi airport .
apartment on tatarskaya , 1 / 7 offers accommodation in moscow , 2 . 1 km from saint basil ' s cathedral . the air - conditioned unit is 2 . 2 km from cathedral of christ the saviour .
free parking is provided .
katholische akademie is 500 metres from regensburg cathedral regensburg and the old stone bridge .
at le relais des sites , a continental breakfast is served every morning in the communal lounge .
the property boasts views of the garden and is 700 metres from duomo milan .
guests can enjoy soaking in the private hot spring baths at a surcharge .
this port charlotte hotel offers a heated outdoor pool and comfortable rooms equipped with cable tv and free wi - fi . port charlotte town center mall is just 5 minutes ' drive away .
guests will be provided with the pressreader application , which will give you free access to a wide range of international newspapers and magazines .
each room here will provide you with a flat - screen tv , a balcony and a minibar .
the punta pizzo natural reserve is 5 km away .
the house is air - conditioned and features a kitchenette with an electric kettle and essential kitchenware .
staff also host pizza evenings with pizzas fresh from the wood - fired oven .
free wifi is featured throughout the property .
an on - site restaurant is available and serves breakfast , lunch , and dinner .
air - conditioned rooms at the moderno hotel all come with a minibar and a private bathroom with hairdryer and free toiletries .
free maps , board games and luggage storage are also available at reception .
views of downtown spokane are included .
all units are aither 50 metres from the sea or with sea views .
happy tower is a self - catering accommodation located in kraków , within a 15 - minute walk from the main market square , wawel royal castle and kazimierz jewish district .
the non - smoking rooms and self - catering apartments of the pension kautz feature bright , contemporary - style décor .
each is fitted with air conditioning and a private bathroom with shower .
strasbourg international airport is 15 km away .
featuring a landscaped garden with a private pool , el crever is situated 5 km from the town of pollensa . it offers a terrace with outdoor furniture and barbecue facilities .
wenceslas square is reachable within 20 minutes on foot , while prague airport is 10 km away .
sitges train station is 1 . 5 km from the apartment .
located in ulcinj ' s old town , hotel kulla e balshajve offers air - conditioned apartments with views of the sea .
guests will be glad to know the hostel has a dune - buggy which can be used in the desert .
ventspils international airport is 4 . 6 km from rich 2 and the property offers an airport shuttle at an extra cost .
guests can request boats for fishing at nearby bays .
a hot tub and a fitness centre are featured at the twin falls la quinta inn and suites .
the wellness corner has also a relax area where guests can enjoy a different kinds of tisanes , and a massage room offering several types of treatments .
good , home - style cooking , including seasonal specialities , awaits you in the schwalbennest ’ s restaurant .
santiago international airport is located 14 km from the property .
other options can be reached within 900 metres .
free wifi access is available in this holiday home .
the attractive rooms of the hotel kühler krug are individually furnished in a classic style .
mohammed v international airport is 87 km away .
in - room films and coffee - making facilities are provided .
baby - changing cushions , nappy buckets , a baby bathtub , babyphone and highchairs are also available .
renovated in 2014 , all rooms offer a free minibar , a nespresso coffee machine and a flat - screen cable tv .
apartment sumpfbodeli lenk is a 4 - room self - catering accommodation located in lenk . the property is 700 m from bühlberg - hahnenmoos and 1 . 2 km from metschstand .
toilets and bathing facilities are shared , and provide brand amenities .
all rooms have a private bathroom with free toiletries and a small wardrobe .
the hotel is 89 km away from durban international airport and 8 km from pietermaritzburg airport .
located in the town of templin , hotel garni zum eichwerder offers comfortable rooms just just 250 metres away from the modern marina .
each room here will provide you with a tv and satellite channels .
the spacious living room offers plenty of seating and a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
vienna woods can be reached within 6 minutes by car .
old west street hotel is located just beside the historic west street , only 100 metres from lijiang river and 500 metres from yangshuo bus terminal and yangshuo park .
all rooms have bathrobes , hot drinks facilities and a fridge .
hotel orquidea ibiza has bright studios and apartments with air conditioning and a furnished balcony .
enjoy the staff ’ s personalised attention , and relax in the spacious summer garden or romantic inner courtyard .
a business centre is also available .
a flat - screen tv with satellite channels and dvd player is available .
the roman fort of arberia is a 5 - minute walk from the building .
this beachfront apartment is a 5 - minute walk from mooloolaba spit , mooloolaba esplanade shopping and dining precinct and underwater world .
cynthia woods mitchell pavilion is 10 minutes ’ drive from the hotel .
masseria storica pilapalucci is a 30 - minute drive from bari .
hampton inn & suites center offers a fitness center , an on - site snack shop , and meeting and banquet rooms .
all suites are equipped with a safe and kitchenette with refrigerator .
guests benefit from balcony and a terrace .
cádiz train station and the city ’ s main conference centre is less than 2 km away .
there is a garden area with deck chairs , barbecue facilities and a playground for children .
mukda place is 800 metre from the hot springs and 900 metres from a local market .
the hotel offers lunch and dinner meals , plus there is a variety of restaurants available with 300 metres from hotel merida santiago .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including windsurfing , kitesurfing , diving and snorkelling .
the à la carte summer restaurant serves both local and international dishes in a cosy , converted stone barn .
lotus guest house has air - conditioned guest rooms with free wi - fi access .
a terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms .
this restored farmhouse , located 7 km from valverde del fresno , offers great countryside views and free wi - fi .
there is also a terrace .
you can enjoy pool view .
located less than 5 minutes ’ walk to rodeo drive , this luxurious two - bedroom apartment provides a balcony .
the hotel is situated on the road followed by pilgrims on their way to saint jacques de compostelle .
free wifi is provided at the property .
the cottage features an equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a living room with a tv and dvd player .
free wi - fi and a flat - screen cable tv are included in all rooms at starlite motel . each air - conditioned guest room includes a mini - refrigerator and ironing facilities .
modesty blaise apartments is located in split , just 400 metres from the unesco - protected diocletian ' s palace . the nearest beach can be reached in just 300 metres .
lake elsinore is 28 miles away .
simple , but well - presented rooms at protea hotel walvis bay are air conditioned and all come with a kitchenette and satellite tv channels .
each room at lisnagalt lodge includes a flat - screen tv and a tea / coffee maker .
a sun terrace and barbeque facilities are available .
la scala is 7 km from fairview milan , while sforzesco castle is 7 km away .
all air - conditioned rooms at s ' estanyol feature a balcony and some boast ocean views .
all rooms include private en suite bathrooms and terrace access .
featuring rainshower , private bathroom also comes with free toiletries .
extras include free toiletries and a hairdryer .
guests can use a shared kitchen and use a refrigerator stocked with juices and water .
a work desk is also provided .
complimentary wifi is available throughout and room service can be conveniently reached 24 / 7 .
you can drive to central san sebastián in 15 minutes from green nest hostel uba aterpetxea .
additional facilities at the skanes sérail include free sunbeds and parasol at the private beach , car rental and sports facilities .
situated in the la garrotxa natural park region , larcada de fares is housed in a lovingly refurbished traditional - style catalonian property , surrounded by charming gardens .
hotel garni ferienhof is centrally located , only a 5 - minute walk from the cable cars , the water park and the village centre .
offering luxurious 5 - star leisure facilities , shangri - la guangzhou features commanding views of the pearl river and beautifully landscaped grounds .
the bathroom comes with free toiletries .
the rooms will provide you with a mountain view and a garden view .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling .
the accommodation is fitted with a seating area .
the property features simply decorated dormitory rooms . guests can use a shared bathroom .
the property offers free parking .
a flat - screen tv is offered .
the bathrooms offer a bath , hairdryer and free toiletries .
other facilities include a laundry room and luggage storage .
a full scottish breakfast is served in the guest house ’ s ornate victorian - style dining room . the house also provides a buffet table with items such as yoghurt and fresh fruit .
they are fitted with a kitchen , complete with dining area , a living room and a cable tv .
featuring a public bath with natural hot spring water , the dormy inn offers modern accommodation 100 meters from mikawaanjo station .
the property offers free parking .
restaurants and bars can be found within walking distance .
at hotel rajashree palace you will find a 24 - hour front desk and a terrace .
chic apartment accommodation with city views is offered in quito , 200 metres from the train station .
airports are available in tivat and podgorica , both 40 km away .
a flat - screen tv with a dvd player , free wifi access and an ipod docking station are provided in each apartment . every kitchen is fully equipped and includes a dishwasher , washing machine and a nespresso coffee machine with free capsules daily .
guests can ask for bike rentals at reception , while a shuttle service to / from the airport is available at an extra cost .
room types vary and are ideal for solo travellers , couples and families .
the nearest airport is london city airport , 17 km from the property .
offering a fitness centre , green world station hotel is located in taipei .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and a bathrobe .
the living room is furnished with sofas and a flat - screen cable tv .
free wifi is available .
all units feature a seating area .
it is 35 miles to central boston , and 40 miles to logan international airport .
the accommodation features a flat - screen tv .
a daily snack consisting of mineral water , coffee , tea and sugar is included in the rates and there are bbq facilities in the building .
the hotel is equipped with a basketball court and a volleyball court , and the historic port of inebolu is less than 1 km away .
the property includes a tennis court and a semi - olympic outdoor pool with a water slide . free wi - fi is available in public areas .
the bhu nga spa provides relaxing body massage and other beauty treatments .
shops and restaurants can be found in 3 km .
club mahindra safari resort ’ s 24 - hour front desk will be happy to assist with laundry services , travel arrangements as well as in - room dining .
featuring free wifi and a restaurant , hotel grand noy offers accommodation in novomikhaylovskiy . the hotel has an outdoor pool , children ' s playground and terrace , and guests can enjoy a drink at the bar .
angel a 24 - hour reception desk which can assist with luggage storage , ironing and laundry services .
a free public transport card for geneva is available and a discount for the red cross museum and the shop on site , selling swiss army knifes and watches , is offered .
the scenic beaches of makris gialos and platis gialos are at 3 km .
you will find free shuttle service at the property .
breakfast is served every morning in a nearby monterosso cafe .
fitted with free wifi contemporary wooden furniture , each room has a flat - screen tv and a private bathroom complete with a shower and hairdryer .
ilford overground station is a 15 - minute walk from woodlands lodge and central london is a 20 - minute tube ride away .
offering gorgeous night views of suruga bay , an indoor hot - spring rock bath and fresh seafood dinners , suisenkaku is a 10 - minute drive from jr numazu train station .
other facilities offered at the property include a children ' s playground .
the nevsky apartments offers guests discounts on day trips to the suburbs and canals of st . petersburg .
the bathroom includes bathrobes and slippers .
palm beach bungalows also includes a hot tub for an extra charge .
a full kitchen including a coffee and tea maker is also provided .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including fishing .
guests can enjoy an outdoor terrace by the pool . fax and photocopying services are available .
traditional british and international dishes are served in the onsite restaurant , which also offers light snacks such as baguettes and sandwiches .
two bedroom las olas penthouse apartment is a 2 - minute walk from mamita ' s beach , and a number of restaurants and cafés can be reached within a 5 - minute walk .
local buses stop 20 metres away , while the main bus stop can be reached in 2 km .
you can play billiards at the guest house .
fitted with tiled flooring , air - conditioned rooms are simply furnished with a wardrobe , a fridge and a tv with satellite channels .
pokoje fiesta features free wifi throughout the property .
192 outlet is 14 km from disney home , while osceola square mall is 15 km away .
the guest house also offers bike hire .
from december 2016 , guests can unwind in the property ' s new spa area featuring a sauna , a steam bath , an infrared cabin and a relaxation area .
kildrummy house 447 is a holiday home located in davenport in the florida region and is 40 km from orlando .
guests at o ' tai can arrange excursion around the island for an extra fee .
nowa sztukateria offers accommodation in the old town of szczecin .
beto avila stadium is 4 . 3 km from residencial amara .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out jeddah islamic port ( 5 . 3 km ) and al andalus mall ( 5 . 4 km ).
the bathroom offers a shower and toilet .
st . peter ' s square is reachable on foot in 10 minutes . termini train station is 6 metro stop from the property .
the nearest airport is marseille provence airport , 20 km from les ô .
guests are welcome to go walking and jogging in the stötteritzer park , just 400 metres away .
some units feature a seating area where you can relax . a terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms .
rho fiera milano is 5 . 4 km from the property . the nearest airport is linate airport , 20 km from the property .
a bathroom with a hairdryer and free toiletries is standard in every room .
girona metro station is 200 metres away while the stylish paseo de gracia is just 5 minutes ’ walk from the hotel , with many shops , bars and restaurants .
split central guesthouse is located in the centre of split , only a 2 - minute walk from the unesco - listed diocletian ’ s palace .
new moon villa provides free parking on site .
guests can cook their meals in the shared fully equipped kitchen , complete with a dining area .
there is also an equipped kitchen , fitted with an oven , microwave and fridge . a stovetop and kettle are also available .
it features a private beach , a sauna and a fan zone with large screens .
a bus stop with links to monselice and padua is just opposite the property .
a grocery shop is only 10 metres away and several restaurants can be found on the street of the property .
fuerteventura airport is just 10 minutes ’ drive from the sheraton fuerteventura .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out ronald reagan ' s park , just 500 metres away , and gdansk zaspa train station , 2 . 8 km from the property . gdansk lech walesa airport is located 11 km away .
it has an in - house restaurant .
some rooms have an ocean view or a pool view .
just 100 metres from a beach in akrotiri bay , iris beach apartment no . 101 is set in a luxury complex with an outdoor pool .
the a7 motorway is 15 minutes away by car .
there are also suites available which offer additional seating and extra space .
birchington - on - sea railway station is just 7 minutes ' walk away .
latvian national opera is 400 metres from rooms in best location next to old town , while riga central market is 600 metres from the property .
all rooms have a bathroom with a shower . they further come with a tv and a seating area .
located 18 km from gubbio , borgo di carpiano offers an outdoor saltwater pool , restaurant and rooms with air conditioning . wi - fi is free throughout .
hiking and mountain bike trails start right outside .
rooms at gjestegard rundhaug have either private or shared bathroom facilities .
guests with cars will appreciate free on - site parking and access to the nearby a3 motorway which connects to scenic regensburg or passau near the austrian border .
giardini naxos is 30 km from a - me , while acireale is 5 km away .
guests of sonja apart - pension can play table tennis and use a shared kitchen and a ski storage room .
a seating area with flat - screen tv and desk are offered in each room at spa vive retreat bed & breakfast .
free wi - fi is provided and all apartments have a balcony with views of the surroundings .
private parking is available on site .
this hotel is about 10 minutes ’ drive from old waverly golf course , and about 20 minutes ’ drive from waverly mansion .
explore the lake using one of the kayaks and canoes available for hire .
you can use the studio ’ s kitchenette to prepare meals , which is equipped with a dishwasher and oven .
the rooms and suites of this 3 - star hotel are tastefully furnished and well - equipped with a flat - screen cable tv , a safe and a minibar .
elefthérios venizélos airport is 40 km away .
there is a private bathroom with a bidet in each unit .
free private parking is available in front of the building .
there is a ticket booking service on site , as well as a 24 - hour lobby bar with food and drinks delivered to the room .
towels and bed linen are offered in this apartment .
free wi - fi and free airport transfer are offered .
towels and bed linen are available .
shuttle buses from the station or shin - chitose airport , a 2 - hour ride away , can be requested in advance with an additional charge .
the reception features a small lounge area with armchairs and a flat - screen tv .
split airport is located 20 km away .
guests can make travel arrangements , or get assistance with luggage storage , ironing and laundry services at the reception .
it also provides shuttle service to the port / airport of santorini upon surcharge .
with a city view , the rooms include a flat - screen tv and private bathroom with a shower .
towels and bed linen are featured at lovely house .
numerous bars , restaurants as well as supermarkets are within 5 minutes ’ walk ; and staff at reception can provide more information where traditional cider can be found .
it also has concierge services and a restaurant .
a fridge and electric kettle are provided .
the surrounding upper bavarian countryside is ideal for hiking , cycling and skiing . the hausberg cable car goes from garmisch - partenkirchen train station , 3 . 5 km away .
the rooms are air - conditioned and feature a sofa , wardrobe and safety deposit box .
all rooms are non - smoking and include a refrigerator , clock radio and tea / coffee maker .
the simply furnished rooms at zen zi has air conditioning , a fan and a private entrance .
free wi - fi and parking are available , and guests can enjoy a broad breakfast menu .
there is also a dartboard .
you can enjoy pool views from the apartment ' s private patio .
situated on the banks of the witham river , the tranquil white horse holiday park offers self - catering accommodation with free private parking .
extras include slippers and free toiletries .
a cable tv and a seating area are provided in each guest room at siesta inn . a coffee maker is also included . select units offer full kitchen facilities and a dining area .
enjoy a cup of coffee while looking out at the garden or city .
hotel malina features free wifi .
the property is 3 . 5 km from snow arena and 1 . 3 km from druskininkai aquapark .
you can park your car free of charge in front of the hotel .
frivagten is located in rudkøbing .
some rooms have a seating area for your convenience .
towels and bed linen are offered in this apartment .
canada ' s wonderland is 20 minutes ' drive from this property .
with a central location behind santa maria novella train station and next to giardino della fortezza , antiche armonie b & b offers elegant rooms with tiled floors , air conditioning and free wifi .
located just 80 metres from a private beach area of a sandy beach , hotel dolce vita features 2 on - site restaurants serving international and italian cuisine , an outdoor swimming pool and a spa and wellness centre .
on less active days , you can enjoy the garden ’ s sunbathing area .
angel guest house is a 2 - minute walk from east tsim sha tsui mtr station .
at paradise guest house you will find services like laundry and dry cleaning .
activities in the surrounding area include golfing , cycling and horse riding .
a few minutes ' walk from the main tourist attractions , the air - conditioned aboriginal budapest apartments are easily reachable by public transport and offer free wifi .
ironing facilities and a safety deposit box are also provided .
a continental breakfast with belgium waffles is served daily .
guests can enjoy local cuisine at the onsite restaurant .
a balcony is available for some of the rooms .
local specialities are served in the on - site restaurant .
sejour fleuri hotel is close to restaurants , shops and sites such as le havre cathedral .
a fully equipped kitchen with a refrigerator , stove and microwave can be used by all guests , and the property also provides complimentary tea and coffee for the entire stay .
the gamsblick provides rooms with private and shared facilities .
all rooms feature a flat - screen tv and tea / coffee facilities .
offering free wifi , urbanliving jarreria is located in granada . the property is a 10 - minute walk from the alhambra and 800 metres from granada cathedral .
cityexpress poza rica is 10 minutes ’ drive from tajin airport and just 5 minutes from a central bus station .
the property is just 500 metres from kelab golf perkhidmatan awam malaysia .
each room includes views of the dolomites , air conditioning and a satellite tv . the private bathroom comes with a shower .
guests residing at serene villa can make use of the free bike rentals , barbeque facilities and dry - cleaning services .
restaurant kappo tsuzumi prides itself in exquisite japanese cooking , presented in beautiful japanese dining ware .
restaurants and bars can be found within a short walk .
hotel anteroom kyoto is a 10 - minute bus ride from tofuku - ji temple , and a 15 - minute train ride from both kyoto aquarium and nishiki market .
fresh bread rolls can be delivered every morning , and breakfast is available on request .
the us / canadian border is less than 15 minutes ’ drive away .
all apartments have a lounge - dining room with a tv and a modern bathroom with a shower and hairdryer .
situated 200 metres from längenfeld ’ s centre , landsitz im reitle is next to the free ski bus , which connects it to sölden ski area , 15 km away .
free wifi is available in common areas and free private parking is possible on site .
located in the heart of rome , go2 apartments spagna offers a range of apartments within walking distance of the spanish steps and trevi fountain .
the nearest grocery store is 50 metres away .
the on site restaurant offers delicious home cooking , and guests may collect the free range eggs for their breakfast during a morning stroll .
it features a fully equipped unit with free wifi and mediterranean sea views .
it offers an on - site restaurant and free breakfast and dinner .
free wifi is featured and free private parking is available on site .
the in - house o ' learys sports bar offers wide - screen tvs and classic american diner food .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
sheffield railway station is a 10 - minute walk away .
electric blankets are provided , along with ironing facilities , hairdryer and shower / bath .
the main bus station and ferry port are located at a distance of 2 km , while the public buses to the old town leave every 10 minutes .
towels and bed linen are offered at apartment at bochkova .
located a 2 - minute drive from easton outlet shopping centre , residencial quilicura offers accommodation in santiago .
special dietary requirements can also be catered for .
supermarkets and restaurants can be found 500 metres away .
a rich breakfast basket can be booked at concept living , which is delivered to the apartments .
airport shuttle services are offered upon request and at a surcharge .
the u arena is located 2 km away from the hotel .
bowser city centre offers a variety of shops and restaurant just 2 minutes ’ drive away .
the unit is 10 km from izmaylovsky kremlin .
the nearest restaurant is just 100 metres away .
a dishwasher , a microwave and a fridge can be found in the kitchen .
corfu town is located 12 km from benitses and can be reached easily by bus .
free private parking is possible on site .
the upper floor of the ca n ' anita beach house has a double room offering sea views , a twin room , a single room and a bathroom with a hairdryer , towels , bathrobes , and free toiletries .
bumi langkawi homestay is 7 . 3 km from langkawi kristal , 7 . 6 km from dataran helang and 7 . 8 km from sungai kilim nature park .
there is also a business centre at the hotel .
rooms overlook either the gardens or the pool from a private balcony .
hostal gosén is located in san cristóbal island , 5 minutes ’ walk from punta carola surfing beach .
the centre city of ghent is 15 km away from de meetjes .
the long island islip / courthouse complex residence inn by marriott features an on - site fitness centre , market , and barbecue facilities .
jerez de la frontera is a 55 - minute drive away .
a microwave and a fridge can be found in the kitchen .
hotel - restaurant central is located in the centre of küsnacht , just 50 metres from küsnacht train station and 150 metres from lake zurich .
there is an additional bathroom .
free parking is possible on site .
brunico / bruneck is reachable in 25 minutes by car .
up to 2 children under 12 stay for free , when using existing bedding .
it features an outdoor pool and free parking nearby .
discounts are available at a private car park nearby
the hotel has a gym and sauna .
featuring a balcony , all units feature a seating and dining area .
there is a shared lounge at the property .
free wifi access is available .
korfos beach is a detached holiday home is located in korfos and is 35 km from nafplio . the property is 27 km from loutráki and free private parking is featured .
avia is located in kalamata within 50 metres from the beach .
buffet meals at element restaurant offer a wide selection of international favourites and fresh local products .
this timber - framed hotel is situated in the immediate vicinity of celle ’ s pedestrian area and old quarter , only 500 metres from the historic town hall .
downtown chicago , including the magnificent mile and navy pier , are a 10 - mile drive away .
well positioned to visit some of sardinia ' s most beautiful beaches , apartment myrsine porto istana is a 20 - minute drive from coda cavallo and puntaldia . olbia is a 20 - minute bus ride away .
llwyngwril is half a mile from the property and barmouth , where guests can find shops and restaurants , is located a 40 - minute bike ride away .
anti - allergic accommodation is available .
the house has 4 bathrooms , 2 of which have a bath and a shower .
nearby activities include swimming and snorkelling .
guests benefit from balcony . free wifi is provided throughout the property .
thermopyles village is 25 km and agios konstantinos port is 6 . 8 km away .
the apartment will provide you with a tv and a seating area .
cooled with air conditioning and a fan , rooms feature satellite tv , a wardrobe and a seating area .
it has a garden , elegant rooms and a gourmet restaurant .
offering a restaurant and a fitness centre , sheki palace hotel is located in sheki , 50 metres from kahn palace .
pampering massage treatments and water sports activities can be enjoyed on - site .
la palma airport is 35 minutes ’ drive away .
from here , you can reach the city centre and central train station in just 600 metres .
the bathroom on the property is equipped with hot water and a shower .
guests can enjoy meals at poruchik golicin ’ s restaurant and the hotel ’ s facilities include a spacious banquet hall .
pescara and abruzzo airport are less than a 30 - minute drive away .
at holiday home vagtelvænget hemmet xi you will find bbq facilities and a terrace . other facilities offered at the property include a children ' s playground .
free private parking is provided .
guests at the property can take advantage of a ping pong table .
castellón de la plana is 43 km from casa rural la plaza , while mora de rubielos is 28 km away .
set on 2 levels , this traditional - style townhouse features a garden with outdoor furniture and a living room with tiled flooring , a fireplace and a satellite tv .
rooms come with a tv , air conditioning and private bathroom .
the beaches on the mediterranean coast are just an hour ’ s drive from casa pobleta .
the property produces its own olive oil , jams and soaps .
the kitchenette is fitted with a microwave and a toaster .
tourlos port is 8 km away , while mykonos airport is at a distance of 7 . 5 km .
a 15 - minute walk from jamaâ el fna , riad rita offers patio with a seating area , fountain and swimming pool .
this 3 - star hotel is 350 metres from the shopping area of via sparano .
kyriad montluçon is located on the banks of the cher river in montluçon , 500 metres from athanor convention centre .
every room at this hotel is air conditioned and has a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
some restaurants and shops can be found within 500 metres .
bike hire and car hire are available at the property and the area is popular for snorkeling and windsurfing .
the hotel is less than 3 km from laxminarayan and birla mandir temples .
facilities include a fitness suite , treatment rooms , children ' s game room and outdoor playground .
featuring a shower , the bathroom also comes with free toiletries .
salla sports centre is 400 metres away . salla village centre is a 10 - minute drive from the cottages .
guests will be 3 minutes ’ walk from mississippi coliseum and 4 miles from lefleur ’ s bluff state park .
conveniently located just 3 miles from burlington international airport , this courtyard offers free airport shuttle .
they also feature a private bathroom fitted with an italian shower , a hairdryer and free toiletries .
fu bin hostel ii is a 10 - minute walk from the beach and a 2 - hour drive from zuoying high speed railway station .
some rooms include a seating area where you can relax .
there is a children ' s playground and billiards .
the auenfeldjet chair lift provides a connection by ski between the 2 ski areas .
the property offers free parking .
other facilities include grocery deliveries and free wifi throughout .
featuring a shower with a rainhead , the bathroom also comes with a hairdryer , a bidet and towels .
sea life blackpool and madame tussauds blackpool are a 5 - minute drive along the promenade and blackpool pleasure beach is 3 miles away .
pamukkale ’ s air - conditioned rooms feature free wifi and are decorated in bright colours . they have a private bathroom with a shower and hairdryer .
leisure options include a children ’ s playground , billiards and table tennis .
free wifi access is provided .
a buffet breakfast is available , adapted for lactose intolerants .
some have air - conditioning and others include a ceiling fan .
the guest house also offers bike hire .
free wifi is featured .
free wifi access is available in this camping .
the completely fitted kitchenette comes with a dining area , a dishwasher and a stovetop with an oven .
a full english breakfast is included in the room rate .
superior rooms also have a balcony or a gallery .
situated a 5 - minute walk from jomtien beach , welcome jomtien beach hotel boats a large outdoor pool , full function meeting and banquet facilities as well as rooms with sea views .
all are equipped with a private bathroom and shower .
free parking is on - site .
they offer a kitchenette with a coffee machine , microwave and fridge .
silver wolf apartments are situated just 4 tram stops from the kraków główny railway station .
free wifi access is available .
it offers air - conditioned rooms and buffet breakfast .
all rooms at the büyük samsun are carpeted and air conditioned .
restaurants and bars are available within a 10 - minute walk .
with a well - equipped kitchen featuring a stove , refrigerator microwave and utensils , this apartment also offers a living room with a tv , a dining area and private bathroom facilities .
linhares bus station is situated just 2 , 5 km away .
several groceries , restaurants and bars are situated in haapsalu , 10 km away .
the kitchenette comes with a dishwasher .
set on the black sea shore in mamaia nord and right by the sandy beach , nautic sport club offers an outdoor swimming pool with sun beds , free access to a basketball court , as well as free bicycles . wifi is free of charge throughout the property .
tianya haijiao tourist area is around a 30 - minute drive from the promised garden . sanya east mosque can be reached in under 20 minutes by car .
for meals , enjoy fine western dishes at the tea restaurant .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
a continental breakfast can be enjoyed every morning and bars and restaurants are found within 600 metres of the property .
with a large garden and an outdoor pool , cabañas los arreboles offers self - catering accommodation in potrerillos .
puerta del sol metro station is 190 metres away .
it is just a few steps from the sea promenade , and 200 metres from sanremo casino .
the property will provide you with a tv , a terrace and a dvd player . the kitchen is fully equipped with a dishwasher and a microwave .
the city of girona with its picturesque old town is 45 km away from can blanc .
guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant .
the jackson snowflake inn has on - site cross - country skiing , a fitness centre , and offers massages in suite .
located a short stroll from yiwu international trade city , bai ming hotel features simple accommodation with free internet access . it offers ticketing services as well .
golf club lana is less than 5 km away .
the centrally located market square with the belfry of bruges is 2 . 1 km from the boat .
supermarkets and restaurants are ideally located a 5 - minute drive from the chalet and bourg - saint - maurice train station is 2 . 5 km away .
it is within a 12 - minute drive of düsseldorf airport and the düsseldorf exhibition centre .
all accommodation features a well - equipped kitchen or kitchenette .
triumfalnaya square and the moscow academic theatre of satire are within walking distance from the apartment .
the nearest airport is vnukovo international , 13 km from barvikha hills luxury , and the property offers a free airport shuttle service .
mountain biking and hiking trails are located a short distance from the hotel .
the rooms are spacious and bright , and come with tea / coffee making facilities , a tv , and a hairdryer .
schiphol airport is 11 km away .
some units have a seating area to relax in after a busy day .
this hotel is located off i - 49 , offering access to northwest arkansas regional airport , 26 . 5 miles away .
marbella bus station is 8 km from apartment marbella - puerto banús , while plaza de los naranjos is 8 km away .
tianhe coach terminal is a 23 - minute drive away .
accommodation will provide you with a terrace and a seating area .
wanjia oriental chain hotel is a 20 - minute drive from tianluokeng tulou cluster .
appartamento ambra is located in ledro , 700 metres from lake ledro and a 20 - minute drive from riva del garda and lake garda .
minimundo theme park is 2 . 3 km away .
the bathroom on the property is equipped with hot water and a shower , a two person whirlpool tub is also available .
in - room breakfast can be enjoyed at calla ’ s palace jasper .
each spacious room is set in a minimalist décor and is fitted lcd cable tv , a mini bar and air conditioning .
the reception desk is open 24 hours a day .
thuruliya lodge is set in ramboda , 28 km from kandy .
the rooms at tirol haus are furnished in alpine style and come with free wifi , a balcony with mountain views , a flat - screen tv with satellite channels , and a private bathroom with shower and toilet .
at apartment esperienza mare 1 you will find a garden and bbq facilities .
' t waepen van veere is the perfect base for walking and cycling tours .
films and music are provided on request .
a welcome pack including wine , fruit and a guide to formentera is provided , as well as 1 beach towel per guest .
pousada paraíso dos guarás is 2 km from barreirinhas ’ s bus station and city centre , and 13 km from lençois maranhenses national park .
la roca del vallès upmarket outlet shopping centre is 25 minutes ’ drive away .
bedrooms feature high - quality beds with egyptian cotton bed linen , and are complemented by a bathroom with bath or shower , towels , bathrobes and toiletries .
the restaurant holiday offers a range of traditional and creative dishes for every taste and budget .
at hotel boutique tremo guests will renovated facilities including a 24 - hour front desk , a garden and a terrace .
apartamenty malinka is situated in a quiet area of zakopane , 200 metres from pod reglami hiking trail and 700 metres from wielka krokiew ski jump .
the air - conditioned house features a bedroom , a living area with sofa bed and flat - screen satellite tv and a kitchen .
the unesco - protected walls offer beautiful views of the town ' s rooftops , while trips to the nearby islands are also organised in the centre .
the kitchen features a dishwasher and an oven . a tv is offered . there are 2 bathrooms in this apartment .
a number of seafood taverns and local restaurants are situated within a 5 - minute walk .
all include a living room with kitchenette and a garden - view terrace .
it boasts panoramic views of the langeberg mountains and marloth nature reserve is 1 km away .
stone - built traditional xenonas archontoula is centrally located in the scenic village of palaios panteleimonas on the slopes of mount olympus .
an american breakfast is served daily .
alte gärtnerei is located in the historic trachau district of dresden , 1 . 5 km from the river elbe .
it is open all year and offers free wi - fi access and a fully equipped kitchen .
the property provides free parking . free wi - fi is available in the public areas of the property .
parking is available on site .
featuring a balcony , all units are air conditioned and include a dining area and a seating area with a cable flat - screen tv . there is also a kitchenette , equipped with a dishwasher , microwave and toaster .
nazareth is 38 km from rodef shalom , while hamat gader is 12 km from the property .
it features rooms with a sea view .
there is a games room and a mini - market at the waterford comfort inn . dry cleaning services , laundry facilities , and free parking are included for guests ’ convenience .
the multilingual staff can help rent bicycles and to organise excursions in venice , verona and other destinations .
drinks and snacks can be ordered at the bar around the clock .
the rooms are fitted with a tv .
the popular calle uruguay street , where guests will find bars and nightlife , is a 5 - minute walk away .
just a 10 - minute walk from kappad beach , this resort houses 2 dining options , an outdoor pool and a gym .
the tauernradweg ( bicycle trail ) leads directly past the hotel .
the rimigliano nature park by the tuscan archipelago can be reached in 20 minutes by car .
there are two single beds in the annex building .
guests then can relax under an umbrella in the large garden or lay in sun beds enjoying the views .
the property has ski storage facilities and ski passes can be bought on site .
termini train station is almost 2 km away , and can be reached in a 5 - minute metro ride .
guesthouse mala luce stobreč also includes a terrace .
it also has a bar .
private parking is available on site .
suites gallery also provides free parking and basic business services like fax and photocopying .
with free parking and free wi - fi , this charming , pitcullen guest house is located in the central belt of scotland , on the a94 to coupar angus .
free wifi is featured throughout the property .
property offers free airport shuttle service .
guests can enjoy a swim in the indoor pool or relax in the hot tub at la quinta inn & suites frankfort .
it is 20 minutes ’ drive from darwin international airport .
shuttle service is provided .
each room here will provide you with a tv , air conditioning and satellite channels .
located 500 metres from the mediterranean sea and 800 metres from aqualand , this camping ground has a heated outdoor pool with a furnished terrace .
cabañas telayú is 420 metres from rinconcito beach and 900 metres from punta cometa .
rooms feature country - style décor with elegant dark wood furnishings and cream - coloured walls .
the rob roy way passes nearby , and beautiful loch lomond is just a 10 - minute drive from the ashbank .
residence louie is located in seoul and offers self - catering accommodation .
hotel residence stella marina offers panoramic views of ustica port on the east of the island off the coast of sicily .
the feature a desk and closet . they have private bathrooms with a shower and free toiletries .
a number of restaurants and coffee shops are located within a walking distance from al rashed hotel apartments .
villino fiorella is set in ciampino , just outside rome , a 10 - minute drive from ciampino airport .
shopping at the cherry hill mall is 9 minutes ’ drive away .
santiago de compostela airport and its airport are a 1 . 5 - hour drive away .
the nearest bus stop is also 200 metres away .
located in the centre of volgograd , a 5 - minute walk to lenina square , stalingrad apartments offer self - catering accommodation with freewi - fi .
the unit is equipped with a kitchen .
from mid - june to mid - october , the ötztal premium card is included in the rate .
the nearest airport is split airport , 32 km from the property .
this bed and breakfast is a short walk from a variety of waterside pubs and restaurants , and a wide range of town centre shops .
the unit is 2 . 3 km from amfibius water park .
the modern kitchen is fitted with a stove , oven and kitchenware and there is an adjoining dining area with a wooden dining table .
at les cocotiers beach resort you will find a garden , a fitness centre , meeting facilities and a tour desk .
accommodation provides guests with a tv , air conditioning and a balcony .
free wireless internet access is also available at the hotel .
each also has a private bathroom with free toiletries and a hairdryer .
a terrace and a storage room for ski equipment are also available .
it offers sweeping views of the city and lake from its rooftop swimming pool and panoramic fitness centre .
sao jorge castle is within a 10 - minute walk .
dubrovnik apartments kovacec is situated on the lapad peninsula , a short walk from dubrovnik old town .
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a refrigerator .
parc monceau is 450 metres away .
breakfast is available each morning , and regional german dishes are served in the evenings .
you can enjoy garden view from the room , and extras include bed linen .
porto mós residence is just 2 km away from lagos .
the closest grocery shop can be found within 150 metres of the property and a restaurant is a 2 - minute drive away . the piata obor market place is reachable within 1 . 5 km .
hotelik pod zamkiem is a self - catering accommodation located in łapalice , 2 , 7 km from the unfinished , castle - like manor known as łapalice castle .
santiago international airport is located 47 km away .
the nearest airport is burgas airport , 23 km from the property .
located in abano ’ s centre , hotel terme milano boasts 2 swimming pools , a wellness centre , and a garden .
the aveiro centre also has many restaurant options , for guests wishing to eat out .
set in the vila real region , the hotel is 23 km from mirandela and 29 km from chaves .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out freshwater lagoons 2 km away and la cana golf club 3 km away .
disney ’ s animal kingdom theme park is 18 . 6 km away .
hostel lotos offers accommodation in novoshakhtinsk .
there is also a dining area and a kitchenette equipped with a dishwasher and oven .
large leather sofas , a tv and a dvd player feature in the lounge area and there is also an open - plan kitchen and dining room .
breakfast and lunch are buffet style , while dinner can be buffet or à la carte .
the hotel also has a computer station which can be used for free . travel arrangements can be made and bicycles rented at the tour desk .
ironing facilities are provided .
ostuni is 18 km from the property .
featuring a shower , shared bathrooms also come with a bath or shower .
the aztec motel features an outdoor pool surrounded by a sun terrace .
the golconda fort is 38 km away .
breakfast is buffet style at the rodella hotel .
featuring free wifi and a barbecue , guest house u botsmana offers pet - friendly accommodation in pizunda .
most rooms overlook the vatican museums or the historic walls .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including golfing .
argostoli , the capital of kefalonia , is 1 . 5 km away and the airport is at 5 km .
there is a shared lounge at the property .
the charisma is a cosy guest house set in the heart of the spa resort of băile herculane .
a dishwasher and a fridge can be found in the kitchen .
guests can unwind in the terrace .
a super market and restaurants can be found at 200 metres .
the nearest airport is adisucipto airport , 9 km from hoz bed & breakfast .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out trogir old town ( 1 . 7 km ) and trogir town museum ( 1 . 7 km ). split airport is located 3 km from the property .
the air - conditioned rooms at hotel blancafort spa termal feature free wi - fi , flat - screen tv , a safe and minibar .
located in the tuscan countryside , villetta capanna is 15 km from monteriggioni .
the patio offers outdoor dining and continental cuisine .
the rooms feature a tv and a private balcony overlooking the hotel ' s gardens .
madrid is 30 minutes ’ drive away and a private parking is available nearby at an extra cost .
maple syrup is produced and sold on site .
it offers free bike rental in summer and a year - round wellness centre .
the centre of innsbruck can be reached by tram line 3 , which stops 200 metres away .
the buffet breakfast is served in the resort ’ s restaurant , which features seafood , meats , pastas and salads on its menu .
at hakone bamboo choju - yu , guests can rest at the shared terrace and lounge areas .
free wifi is available throughout the property and free private parking is available on site .
free wi - fi is provided and the host can help organise tours , excursions and transfers .
a garden is open to guests of quamichan inn – duncan .
knott ' s berry farm and soak city are 10 miles away .
elite and premium package guests can also enjoy free drinks at the jungle bar .
each apartment is fitted with a flat - screen cable tv and kitchen with a stove and refrigerator .
tea and coffee - making facilities are also included .
free wifi is provided throughout the property and private parking is available on site .
adi sucipto international airport is a 15 - minute drive away .
the siete lagos scenic lake circuit is found 14 km away .
buffet breakfast is served in a characteristic hall with stone walls and sofas .
explore the city , with many of the attractions just a short stroll away , including the rome opera house .
the suites also feature views over the castle .
located in sainte - marie - de - ré , 200 metres from the beach , this campsite offers a children ’ s playground , 2 tennis courts and bike rental .
all units include a tv .
chrome cottage berlin features free wifi throughout the property .
fitted with tiled flooring , air - conditioned rooms come with a wardrobe and a private bathroom with hot and cold water facilities .
a microwave and small refrigerator are also included in all rooms for added convenience .
free wifi is available throughout the property .
the private bathrooms have the added comfort of bathrobes and slippers .
extras include a sofa , a desk and a safety deposit box .
at lou roucas you will find a garden and outdoor furniture .
free private parking is possible on site .
guests can benefit from a spacious bathroom with a shower and a hairdryer .
the beach is just 600 metres away .
shali lodge siwa is 10 km from fatnis island and 5 km from downtown .
guests can make use of barbecue facilities and request the daily delivery of freshly baked bread rolls to the holiday home .
guests also have access to a common kitchen with a dining area , refrigerator and dishwasher .
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower in every unit , along with slippers .
mount etna is 40 km from the property .
in - room dining is also possible with room service .
further facilities on site include ski , bike and luggage storage .
london gatwick airport is 26 km away .
located 10 minutes ' drive from the cotton bowl and 15 minutes from dallas / fort worth international airport , this hotel features an on - site restaurant and indoor pool .
you can play table tennis at the bed and breakfast . the bed and breakfast also offers free use of bicycles .
free public parking is available on site .
staff at the tour desk can help guests with travel and sightseeing arrangements .
satellite tv and coffee - making facilities are included in the guest rooms at the buccaneer . each has a private balcony .
featuring a shower , the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer .
the en - suite or private shower rooms offer complimentary toiletries and a hairdryer .
air conditioning and heating are included and a continental breakfast is served each morning .
it offers free wi - fi in public areas , sauna and scenic views of mellensee lake .
the property has free wifi access and a spacious garden .
there is a kitchenette with a microwave and a refrigerator .
a free shuttle service to a sandy beach in the north is available during summer .
downtown penthouse is air - conditioned and offers a large private balcony .
cabo frio international airport is 30 km away .
they include a seating area with a fireplace , satellite tv and free wi - fi .
the continental breakfast is served from 07 : 00 – 11 : 00 daily .
you will be near cortina d ' ampezzo at this 3 - star hotel , set within easy reach of the main ski slopes and the mountain trails of san vito di cadore .
the property has a library - lounge with a fireplace , a botanic garden and an on - site vegetable garden .
the unesco - protected town of trogir is 15 km away .
free private parking is available on site .
agrigento is 16 km away .
pura aventura ecopark can be reached in a 30 - minute drive , while daniel oduber quiros international airport is 1 hour and 30 minutes ’ drive away .
featuring a bath or shower , private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
the apartment feature a terrace with mountain views , satellite tv , a fully equipped kitchen with a dining area and a bathroom with a shower and a bathtub .
an american breakfast is available on request .
ticketing and sightseeing arrangement services are provided at the tour desk .
guests also enjoy the convenience of 24 - hour butler service and free wi - fi throughout the property .
they are equipped with a mini fridge , electric kettle and flat - screen tv . all units also feature a living area and an en - suite bathroom with bathtub or shower .
home away from home - light breakfast included features free wifi throughout the property .
guests can enjoy snacks and cocktails at the lounge bar .
24 - hour reception services are offered at beloit ike ’ s motel .
la betulla offers air - conditioned rooms , a 5 - minute walk from both the seaside and the centre of lignano pineta . the hotel is set in quiet gardens , and offers free private parking on site .
free wi - fi access is available throughout .
there is free shuttle service at the property .
located in the town of adamadas within 200 metres from the port , niki rooms offers accommodation with free wi - fi .
pensjonat pod długą polaną is located in a quiet area of nowy targ , 150 metres from długa polana ski station and 600 metres to the hiking route to turbacz mountain .
located in the dnipro city centre , this hotel features a restaurant on the 11th floor and a bar on the first floor .
monuments , memorials and museums along with historic annapolis and baltimore ' s inner harbor are all nearby .
all rooms at hotell bømlo have a seating area and a flat - screen satellite tv .
the stylish air - conditioned suites and apartments feature lcd cable tv , free wi - fi and a private terrace .
the nearest airport is valencia airport , 12 km from flatsforyou bed and bike marina .
the knowledgeable staff is another characteristic that highlights the quality of this hotel .
situated on the central coast of new south wales , wombats bed and breakfast is only 70 minutes ’ drive from sydney , newcastle and the hunter valley .
at the rooftop restaurant , guests can sample asian and international dishes while taking in views of the surrounding neighbourhood .
laundry facilities are also provided .
rooms are located both in the main building and in smaller structures around the vineyard , the pool and the garden .
this modern - style property has a shared lounge with tv and offers free wi - fi throughout .
easily discover the sedgwick county zoo or the numerous shops at towne west mall only a short distance from the wichita airport candlewood suites .
guests can explore the city using the property ’ s free bicycles , or through tours and excursions arranged by the hotel ' s reception during the weekends .
it offers spacious accommodation with a private balcony overlooking the sea .
arendsweg tram station is 800 metres from berlin @ home , providing easy access to all of berlin ’ s sights .
inside , there is a kitchen with a microwave and an oven .
free wifi is featured throughout the property .
jasmine hills lodge is located at the edge of chiang mai city , a 10 - minute drive from local handicraft stores .
certain rooms feature views of the garden or city .
hotel garni schmid is located just 400 metres from the centre of ischgl and the silvretta cable car station , with the slopes of the silvretta arena ski area ending just a few metres from the house .
a bakery serving breakfast can be found on the ground floor of the apartment building .
guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant .
free wifi access is available in this camping .
leksand town centre is less than a 10 - minute walk away .
the church of the jesuit order is 400 metres from anna apartments lviv , while latin cathedral is 400 metres from the property .
los penitentes ski resort is located 160 km away .
free private parking is provided .
ao nang beach is 7 km from krabilife resort , while krabi town is 17 km from the property .
free parking is available .
various trips can be arranged in the dubrovnik area , as well as the airport shuttle to and from the dubrovnik airport .
a photo and cabinet hang on the wall .
hotel priyadarshini offers accommodation in hospet .
the french partridge restaurant offers an à - la - carte menu , including tapas and traditional dishes with a modern twist .
with free wifi throughout , each apartment here is air - conditioned and includes a full kitchen , a seating area and a bathroom with a shower .
a restaurant is located 200 metres from the property , and the next supermarket is 1 km away .
a daily breakfast buffet is served at the hotel , and guests will find other options within a short 5 - minute walk .
guests can watch the flat - screen tv or use the free wi - fi .
the apartments also feature a kitchen or kitchenette .
ibiza airport is located 5 km away .
the air - conditioned rooms feature a cable tv and minibar .
a bus stop is 50 metres away .
guests are welcome to take advantage of the large garden at the property with its furnished terrace , children ’ s playground and barbecue facilities .
bursins village bus stop is 280 metres from the le rosey , whilst lake geneva is 3 . 6 km away and nyon can be reached within 10 km .
built in 1956 , apartment rosenweg brienz is located 1 km from the centre of brienz in quiet surroundings , just 150 metres from the lake .
alternatively guests can visit the restaurants within 300 metres and taste their local fresh fish specialities .
ece saray marina is 5 km from hotel bahar , while fethiye marina is 5 km from the property . the nearest airport is dalaman airport , 29 km from the property .
the hotel is within 2 km of panjim bus stand , dona paula and panjim church .
an oven , a microwave and a fridge can be found in the kitchen .
for children there are outdoor games and a playground with a swing and a sandpit .
aqua park sea star is 2 . 5 km from hotel almaz , while dolmens is 6 km away .
guests have access to shared kitchen facilities and a lounge area with a computer at hotel dakota .
dining at the jackson hole diner and sergio ’ s italian restaurant are within easy driving distance .
the property is a 25 - minute drive from jr iiyama station or an 8 - minute walk from madarao kogen hotel bus stop .
a western breakfast is provided as well .
offering a barbecue and children ' s playground , hotel pałacowa is set in narol in the podkarpackie region . guests can enjoy the on - site bar .
set in the scenic village of oia , olympic villas features a snack bar and 2 swimming pools , one of which enjoys panoramic views over the aegean sea and the caldera .
a fireplace provides extra comfort in each room at the stone gate inn bed & breakfast .
guests can also dine under an open canopy at the in - house restaurant which serves local sri lankan , indian , chinese and european cuisines .
a flat - screen cable tv , an electric kettle and minibar are standard in all classic cream - coloured rooms .
novorossiysk is 15 km from pansionat kirovets , while divnomorskoye is 23 km from the property .
free shuttle services from the airport and the railway station are provided on request .
appartamenti le ginestre e gli oleandri offers apartments in different locations in sos alinos .
pizza - lovers will be in paradise – la lanterna offers more than 30 different types .
au presbytère resto - gîte is a former presbytery in sainte - rose - du - nord .
located on the ground level , the lounge features casual dining , cocktails and snacks .
you can enjoy garden view from the room .
free private parking is available on site .
a continental or italian - style breakfast of hot drinks and croissants is available daily .
air - conditioned rooms are features a tv with cable channels , safety deposit box and desk .
free towels are available upon request .
admiralty building is 1 . 1 km from hostel petya and the wolf - v . o ., while hermitage museum is 1 . 3 km away .
other facilities offered include meeting facilities and luggage storage .
featuring a garden with bbq and seasonal shared outdoor pool , le case di lilli pitti is located in partinico .
each room at the air view inn includes a microwave and refrigerator .
set in gardens , el jócamo is a holiday home with 2 bedrooms .
the accommodations at apartment paris are decorated in a contemporary style and feature a living area with a flat - screen tv and cable channels .
residence inn boston woburn is located 12 . 5 km from burlington , 18 . 5 km from lexington , 19 . 1 km from andover and 18 . 6 km from tewksbury .
featuring free wifi and an outdoor pool , 15 palms beach resort offers accommodation in white sand beach .
indoor and outdoor shower facilities are also available .
featuring free wifi , the villa has 4 double bedrooms , one with an en - suite bathroom , and a family bathroom with a bath and a hairdryer .
podgorica is 42 km from the property .
the nearest supermarket is 2 km away , while pisa is a 40 - minute drive from the property .
they have provencal - style decor and a private bathroom with bathtub and hairdryer .
an adjacent dining area is also offered .
all units feature a kitchenette fitted with a microwave and fridge .
after a long day you can enjoy a freshly prepared meal in the hotel ’ s restaurant , summer land , with a capacity of up to 200 people .
each room offers an en suite or private bathroom with a hairdryer .
every room comes with a private bathroom fitted with a bath or shower .
the apartments feature a balcony , sofa , washing machine , ironing facilities and hairdryer .
dinner is served strictly at 18 : 00 ( winter ) or 18 : 30 ( summer ), and reservations absolutely must be made at time of booking ( not accepted later ).
located in prague city centre , spa hotel carolline is a unesco heritage - listed building from the 16th century .
the bright rooms of antiphellos hotel are air - conditioned and come with a tv . they also have a private bathroom featuring a shower and a toilet .
each includes a kitchenette with mini oven , fridge and coffee maker .
umbertide train station is 19 km from la piazzetta .
set within a majestic 4 - star victorian manor house , killashee hotel boasts inviting guestrooms each featuring a tv , luxury furnishings and a private bathroom .
it is 6 . 5 km from national transport and toy museum .
the dubai fountain is 700 metres from downtown - the signature , while burj khalifa is 900 metres away .
offering access to a shared outdoor pool and garden , le spugne is a holiday home surrounded by vineyards . it offers free wifi and is located 8 . 5 km from montelupo fiorentino .
at the durham you will find a bar , a shared lounge and a laundry .
an applebee ’ s restaurant is adjacent to the property lot .
each room has an en suite bathroom and all rooms offer a view of either the sea or mahdia town .
baglio la giummara is a 10 - minute drive from the nearest beach and 20 minutes ' drive from the coastal town of sciacca . falcone borsellino airport can be reached in 1 hour and 30 minutes ' drive .
grand seaview features free wifi throughout the property .
heathrow , birmingham and luton airports are all within an hour ' s drive .
the hotel is only 6 . 3 km from saverne train station and 24 . 8 km from strasbourg airport .
the property offers free parking .
they come with air conditioning , a hairdryer and a safety box .
the apartment includes a kitchenette with a stove and a wooden dining area , so guests are welcome to cook their own meals .
the on - site chinese restaurant serves northern cuisine and the western restaurant serves western food .
featuring free wifi throughout the property , bundaku homestay offers accommodation in amed , 48 km from ubud .
set on 1 acre , whitesbeach guesthouse is ideally situated for surfing and swimming at bells beach .
a rich breakfast with yogurt , coffee , tea , and cold cuts and vegetables from the property - s organic orchard is served daily .
gresham ' s school is less than 5 minutes ' walk from the bed and breakfast .
ciutadella park and barcelona zoo are just a 5 - minute walk away , and plaça catalunya square is 1 . 3 km from the apartments .
situated near the castles of fontainebleau and vaux - le - vicomte , the balladins melin vert offers comfortable accommodation and a warm welcome .
free private parking is available on site .
mid - continent airport is located 20 km from the property .
massages , manicures and pedicures are available at p ’ tit paradis auberge .
the country - style restaurant at the drei kronen frauenwald features a traditional tiled stove and open fireplace .
central levi is a 10 - minute drive away .
stylish rooms are tastefully decorated with warm mood lighting and wooden flooring .
the rooms are fitted with a private bathroom equipped with a bath or shower and bidet . for your comfort , you will find slippers , free toiletries and a hairdryer .
each room and suite available in different designs , for different needs .
otaru mounteng offers carpeted rooms with air conditioning and beds . they are fitted with heating , a tv and a mini - fridge , while bathroom facilities are shared .
free wifi is available and free private parking is available on site .
providing a tranquil environment , the rooms in la galeana feature private bathrooms , satellite tvs , and minibars .
free bicycle rentals and barbecue facilities are available .
uncle bear ' s home provides laundry services , as well as fax and photocopying .
the property offers free parking .
each cottage has a kitchen equipped with kitchenware , an oven and a stove .
rooms at doubletree by hilton - chelsea have a flat - screen tv with cable channels and a private bathroom with free toiletries .
from here , the provincial capital aosta is a 50 - minute bus ride away .
the simply furnished rooms feature a tv and electric blankets .
there is a seating area , a dining area and a kitchen .
relaxation options include a sauna and a shared lounge .
situated only 200 metres from the studio 5 convention center in manaus , holiday inn manaus offers modern rooms with free wi - fi .
tallwoods resort is a 10 - minute drive from blackhead beach and less than 25 minutes ’ drive from both forster and taree .
the garden includes a children ’ s playground .
offering room service , d ’ penjor cafe & restaurant serves a variety of indonesian , chinese and international cuisines .
guests have access to a kitchen with fridge , microwave and free tea .
located in runcu , 25 km from straja , casa bella i features air - conditioned rooms and free private parking . the guest house has a seasonal outdoor pool and views of the mountain , and guests can enjoy a drink at the bar .
the private bathrooms come with a bath or shower , hairdryer and free toiletries .
red owens sport complex and 17 minutes ' drive from falls park .
the rooms have free wired internet and wifi along with seating areas .
set in the calm and silent area , falusi legenda is located in szokolya .
guests can spend their day on site , using the squash court , a playroom for children and the heated indoor pool .
church of the holy family is 3 . 8 km from apartment on kamennaya , while maraunenhof is 3 . 9 km from the property .
a buffet or continental breakfast is served for guests staying in the rooms .
free wifi is available throughout the resort .
the apartments feature a living room with a sofa bed , a flat - screen tv , a fully - equipped kitchen , a dining table , a washing machine , and a bathroom fitted with a shower .
the spacious rooms of hotel flora are decorated in a traditional alpine style .
set amid upper bavaria ’ s scenic countryside , the privately run hotel big - koch provides functional yet comfortable rooms with en - suite facilities .
the corporate offices of ge , ibm and brainlab can be found only a short distance from the chicago - oakbrook terrace staybridge suites .
the landhotel & brauhaus prignitzer hof offers bright and spacious rooms , as well as an apartment that is stylishly decorated with modern furniture .
housed in a traditional building in madrid ’ s anton martin , centro madrid tours offers a spacious apartment with free wifi .
guests can enjoy dining in a casual yet elegant setting at ’ t schoutenhuys restaurant . it serves small tasting dishes which have been inspired by fresh local ingredients .
situated in the guarapari centre , it offers free wi - fi and valet parking .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling and hiking .
the en suite shower room offers free toiletries .
free private parking is possible on site .
while there are no restaurants available at the hotel , various restaurants serving local cuisines are located within a 5 - minute walk away .
junior suites offer a living space and lovely views .
private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer .
shared bathroom facilities are available .
aqaba view hotel features free wifi throughout the property .
the hotel features a tour desk , a business centre , and a gift shop .
some rooms have a seating area .
hanoi elegance sapphire hotel enjoys a great location in hanoi ’ s old quarter , within a 10 - minute walk from hoan kiem lake and ngoc son temple .
guests can dine locally at one of the many restaurants within 300 metres of the pension sissi .
the unesco - listed andrássy avenue is just within 100 metres from liszt studios holiday home .
both historic windsor and ascot ’ s racecourse can be reached within a 30 - minute drive .
hotel chapul inn has a tour desk that offers ticket services , massages can be delivered in the privacy of the guests ' rooms and the front desk is open 24 hours a day .
certain rooms have a seating area for your convenience .
a flat - screen tv with satellite channels is offered .
porto cervo is a 40 - minute drive away .
the centre of the car - free village and the gornergrat rack railway are both 900 metres away . a bus stop can be reached within a 2 - minute walk .
this hotel is minutes from the kentucky horse park educational theme park , keeneland racetrack , transylvania university , the university of kentucky , commonwealth stadium and rupp arena . additional local points of interest include : lexington center , american saddlebred museum , headley - whitney museum , asbury college .
some rooms include a private balcony .
central london and westminster can be reached in a 25 - minute bus ride .
guests can take a walk to the area of plaka offering cafés , restaurants , and bars , or head to the popular flea market at monastiraki .
togo b & b also offers outdoor lounge areas with hammocks .
yue - xiang palace chinese restaurant serves a fine selection of local dishes .
free private parking is available on site .
the apartment will provide you with a fully equipped kitchenette , seating area and tv . the private bathroom features a shower .
free wifi is offered in public areas .
there is free parking and a shuttle is available to johannesburg , lanseria and pretoria airports .
the rooms have a private or shared bathroom with free toiletries .
free wifi is provided .
it has its own on - site restaurant and provides the convenience of laundry facilities .
the holiday park also features barbecue facilities for an outdoor lunch .
the property offers free parking at location nearby and prague airport is located 20 km away .
water activities in the surrounding area that guests can enjoy include windsurfing and jet skiing .
the private bathroom includes a shower .
the accommodation offers a tv and a terrace . there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a refrigerator .
also ironing facilities and a hairdryer are available .
bathrooms and toilets are shared .
an italian breakfast of croissants and cappuccino is provided daily .
the café opens from 10 : 00 until 23 : 00 ( 00 : 00 at the weekend ).
unique in romania , the forest restaurant serves international cuisine and local specialties to guests who dine surrounded by growing trees .
the gardens have a playground for children and a barbecue and bonfire area . a bicycle storage is also available
apartments also have a kitchen .
located in nassau nature park , this family - run guest house offers free wi - fi , a breakfast buffet and a garden terrace .
a flat - screen tv with cable channels is also provided .
the property offers a free shuttle service .
kemerovo airport is 10 km from the hotel , and a shuttle service is available .
each unit is fitted with a private bathroom with a bath or shower , bathrobes , and free toiletries .
saint isaac ' s cathedral is a 5 - minute walk away .
accommodation will provide you with a tv , air conditioning and a balcony .
guests can enjoy a buffet breakfast each morning in the breakfast room .
while staying in paleokastritsa holiday resort guests can explore 6 different sandy and pebbled beaches enclosed by cliffs , olive groves , lemon and cypress trees and lush hilly countryside .
this b & b is located in central köpingsvik on the island of öland , only 200 metres from a sandy beach .
palau , with its ferry links to the maddalena archipelago , is a 10 - minute drive from the property .
this modern , air - conditioned home offers a large garden and patio , bbq facilities , and a fully equipped kitchen . cable tv , a clothes dryer with washing machine and fans are also available .
guests can enjoy city view .
each room comes with a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
a flat - screen cable tv with a dvd player and a spa bath are featured in this exquisite retreat villa .
a great variety of shops , cafes , taverns and restaurants surround the hotel .
facilities for making coffee and tea are available . free , unlimited wi - fi access is available throughout .
you can enjoy pool view .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
river apartment offers accommodation in tallinn , 700 metres from d terminal . the unit is 700 metres from passenger terminal a . free wifi is available .
the ancient lëkurësi castle is some 2 . 5 km from pini hotel . butrint national park , which blends lush nature with ancient greek ruins , is located within 18 km .
bedford hotel has been owned and run by the baker family for over 30 years .
rooms and suites at le meridien madina are tastefully decorated and include satellite tv and marble bathrooms complete with bath tub and shower .
le scuole - collemassari hospitality is located a 15 - minute drive from cinigiano and offers hotel accommodation .
at holiday home sivkrogen skjern xii there is a sauna , there are bbq facilities and a terrace .
juanda international airport is 20 minutes ’ drive away from the property .
hotel belmonte is a 15 - minute drive from asiago .
at hotel colonial plaza you will find a 24 - hour front desk and a garden . other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge , a tour desk and luggage storage .
breakfast is included in the rate and the property features a green garden .
drivers will find the a10 motorway is just 10 km away .
there is also a balcony where guests can enjoy sea views from .
just 1 - minute from the sea , arcadia guest house in weymouth offers stylish rooms with free wi - fi .
the large , air - conditioned rooms have a balcony , satellite tv and minibar .
larnaca center beach apartment features free wifi throughout the property .
guests have easy access to the mecca and amman malls , a 5 - minute drive away from grand stay .
you have free use of a washing machine .
located off surabaya ’ s main boulevard of jalan raya darmo , hotel santika pandegiling offers modern rooms with a flat - screen cable tv and private bathroom .
the nearest airport is simferopol airport , 53 km from guesthouse khutorok .
the bathroom comes with a bath .
surrounded by mountain peaks , iris flower hotel offers air - conditioned rooms with balconies and panoramic views of pine forests .
the curious pig in the parlour is located within a 10 - minute drive from horley and a 7 - minute drive from east grinstead .
free private parking is provided on site .
a full welsh breakfast with pancakes , salmon , scrambled eggs and haddock is served every morning together with continental breakfast .
the furnishings are modern and elegant .
towels and bed linen are provided .
each room comes with a tv and a refrigerator .
the rooms of augusto ́ s paysandu hotel are simple and stylish . they are equipped with air conditioning , cable tv , minibar and safe .
the property features an on - site mini - market and daily maid service .
modern rooms feature wooden flooring and are fitted with a flat - screen tv with cable channels .
sport hotel astoria is 300 metres from both the centre of la villa and from the gardazza cable car .
the accommodation is spread over 2 independent floorss .
free wi - fi and parking are also available .
located just 2 km from the hotel , the car park is connected to the hotel by a daily shuttle service , available from morning until night .
at the villa di capitignano b & b you can start the day with a typical italian breakfast .
the apartment comes with an electric kettle and a flat - screen tv . the private bathroom is complete with a hairdryer .
piazza navona is an 8 - minute walk from apartments navona short stay rome , while castel sant ’ angelo is 900 metres away . the botanic garden is a 10 - minute walk from the property .
kazan international airport is 38 km from the property .
each room here will provide you with a tv , air conditioning and a seating area .
shower facilities are included in an en suite bathroom .
the nearest airport is ataturk airport , 21 . 5 km from the property .
villetta cornino is a detached holiday home featuring a garden with a terrace , situated in custonaci .
set in its spacious garden with outdoor pool and a playground , liscia eldi resort offers rustic - style apartments with a patio or garden 5 minutes ' drive from the centre of san teodoro .
cafés , bars and restaurants can be found in the immediate vicinity .
burgas airport and the railway station are a 20 - minute drive away .
there are 4 underground lines from hammersmith station ( piccadilly , district , hammersmith and city and central ) that connect with all parts of london . there are plenty of local amenities such as restaurants , banks and shops in the area .
guests can go fishing or play bowling and billiards .
there is a supermarket and lots of bars and restaurants within a 10 - minute walk , including some by the river .
tver train station is 6 km from the hotel .
comforts include a flat - screen tv and a spacious bathroom .
offering apartments with balcony and free parking , horta mar ii apartamentos is located in sant carles de la ràpita , a 15 - minute walk from the city centre and the promenade .
there is a seating area and a kitchen as well as a private bathroom .
the bathroom includes a shower .
airport shuttle is available , at a surcharge .
pensiunea leonardo is quietly located in bolotesi and surrounded by the vrancea hills , famous for their vineyards .
located in conchas do mar area , 150 metres from concha beach , this pousada offers accommodation with balcony .
the surrounding kitzbühel alps offer a wide range of sports and leisure options in every season .
the centre of sarandë can be reached in a 15 - minute walk by the sea , or you can take the bus .
a flat - screen tv with cable channels , as well as a laptop are available .
featuring views of the garden , the guest rooms have a private bathroom with bath or shower .
guests at the towneplace suites can work out in the gym or use the barbecue facilities .
each well - equipped apartment has a private balcony or terrace and most have a view on the north sea .
all rooms are spacious and comfortable . they are equipped with a tv , kettle and minibar . each one has a private bathroom with a hairdryer and toiletries .
free wifi is available .
breakfast includes fresh coffee and pastries , and vending machines are available for drinks and snacks .
guests are provided free on - site private parking .
cable tv and an en suite bathroom are included .
activities in the surrounding area include cycling , fishing and hiking .
the house fits a living room equipped with a sofa , tv and en suite bathroom .
the alpine - style guest house features a large garden with a terrace and a barbecue area . the self - catering apartments come with a balcony and cable tv .
this self - catering apartment offers free wifi and a living room with wooden floors and a flat - screen tv .
within proximity , the area of the medieval venetian shipyards is ideal for a nice walk .
it offers air conditioned rooms with free wifi and free parking .
fully furnished apartments with free wi - fi are offered in mendoza , only 500 metres from the downtown area and 600 metres from parque central park .
kresten royal villas & spa provides 5 swimming pools including an indoor and salted pool .
a breakfast is offered every morning .
hermitage museum is 10 km from natella apartments at prospekt engelsa 93 no2 , while church of the savior on spilled blood is 10 km from the property .
ebony pianino apartment is a self - catering accommodation located in budapest , 500 metres from the buda castle .
additional features include a garden , free wi - fi access and free private parking on site .
across 2 levels , it benefits from free wi - fi .
the palacio features a communal patio and a terrace with river views .
it offers 24 - hour room service and rooms with free wi - fi .
pokoje gościnne pod kołem is a self - catering accommodation located in a wooden , highland style house in the centre of zakopane , 600 metres from krupówki , a town promenade and 500 metres from the cable car to gubałówka .
guadalajara international airport is 20 minutes ’ drive .
wi - fi is free in the premises .
this property features a heated outdoor pool , a sun terrace , a garden and a hot tub .
the three - bedroom holiday home is provided with a tv , dvd - player and a radio .
they all have private balconies that offer great views of the pool .
the kitchen features an oven and a microwave , as well as a kettle .
downtown hamlet is 16 miles from the property .
the unit is equipped with a kitchen . a flat - screen tv is featured .
a 5 - minute drive from xindu sports forest park , chengdu binfen hotel offers free wi - fi in public areas and elegant rooms with free wired internet . on - site parking is free .
a flat - screen tv with cable channels , as well as an ipod docking station are featured .
towels and bed linen are provided in this holiday home .
mumbai domestic airport is 16 km , while mumbai international airport is 20 km away .
just 2 blocks from leblon beach , leblon house is a modern apartment equipped with air conditioning . ideally located , shopping leblon and lagoa rodrigo de freitas are both 3 blocks away .
a mini - market and a restaurant can be found on site .
a tv is featured .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
located in villa marina di cesenatico and only a 5 - minute walk from the beach , hotel orchidea features classic - style rooms .
there are common kitchen facilities . free parking is provided .
hospedaria venceslau includes an à la carte restaurant is serving traditional portuguese cuisine .
there is also a kitchen , equipped with an oven . a microwave and coffee machine are also available .
the living room features a tv , sofas and a kitchen area with a dishwasher and washing machine .
guests can sing at the karaoke , or laze in the hot tub .
breakfast includes a variety of sweet and savoury products , served daily .
the republic square is 150 metres from the hotel .
a fitness centre and a seasonal outdoor pool are both available on site at this greenville hotel .
the kitchens include a microwave , electric cooker and tea / coffee making facilities .
the garden comes with an outdoor pool and children ’ s playground .
republic square is a 10 - minute walk away .
ajik homestay offers pet - friendly accommodation in gili air .
other facilities at apartment luna & lea include a terrace .
the yellow teapot guest house is located in rome ' s borgo quarter .
each room at this hotel is air conditioned and equipped with a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
kazansky , leningradsky and yaroslavsky train stations are 3 metro stops away .
batumi international airport is 5 km from the property .
studios vythos is quietly located in kastraki of naxos , around 150 metres from the nearest beach .
each private bathroom includes a hairdryer and free toiletries .
seasonal ingredients are used in a wide range of local dishes and mediterranean delights .
all of the central inn ’ s rooms are air conditioned and have private bathrooms with a bathtub .
almería is 90 km from the cortijillo and cartagena can be reached in just over an hour by car .
the historical centre of le pontet , home place to the château de fargues , is within easy reach .
each air - conditioned room includes a bathrobe and slippers .
the bathroom comes with a shower .
located directly on lydgate beach less than half a mile from wailua river state park , this oceanfront lihue property offers apartments with free wi - fi and large private terraces with views .
all stylish units are containing a seating area and a bathroom with shower or bathtub . some of them feature a fully - equipped kitchenette as well and views of the river danube .
packed lunches are prepared on request .
all the neatly decorated rooms at hotel richmond include a writing desk and a private bathroom with shower and hairdryer .
wi - fi is available at an additional cost .
offering accommodation with free wi - fi , jkn serviced residence is just a 3 - minute walk from the hongik university area , home to the indie arts scene .
other facilities offered at the property include grocery deliveries and a snack bar .
there is a contemporary on - site restaurant , a bar and a nightclub .
a 20 - minute drive leads to putrajaya and cyberjaya multimedia super corridor .
a restaurant , a supermarket and a wine bar are reachable within a 10 - minute walk .
a free transfer service from boise air terminal is offered to guests .
a continental breakfast is served every morning .
this hotel is located above hansa shopping centre on yliopistonkatu pedestrian shopping street , less than 10 minutes ’ walk from the turku train station .
the property is located 2 km from kaplava village and 5 km from the latvian – belarusian border .
hotel sole malcesine features a buffet restaurant specialising in italian cuisine and local dishes .
guests benefit from discounted prices at a diving centre nearby as well as free transfers to / from giardini naxos ’ harbour .
standing just off i - 40 and less than 2 miles from downtown cookeville , this hotel features a seasonal outdoor pool .
each has views of the surrounding countryside , free wi - fi , a flat - screen tv with cable channels and a private bathroom .
situated in tree - lined surrounds , within walking distance of the city centre , these spacious studios include free wi - fi and satellite tv with more than 50 channels in every room .
church of st . barbara is 2 . 1 km from penzion atc bylany , while church of the assumption of our lady and saint john the baptist is 2 . 8 km from the property .
leticia homestay is situated in the jerusalem city centre district in jerusalem , 900 metres from dome of the rock .
for daily trips and boat tours , please check the tour desk at ozalp apart c . kaunos , an ancient city dating back to the 9th century bc , lays on the other side of the river .
the classic - style apartments come with a kitchenette , a flat - screen tv and a washing machine .
rostov - on - don train station is 10 km away , and rostov - on - don international airport is 2 . 5 km from letuchaya mysh guest house .
an oven and a toaster can be found in the kitchen .
numerous restaurants and cafés serving freshly caught fish and local cuisine are within 500 metres of ferienwohnungen nora .
the bathroom comes with a shower and toilet .
perugia is 9 km from fattoria il bruco , while chianciano terme is 43 km away . the nearest airport is perugia san francesco d ' assisi airport , 15 km from the property .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling .
extras include free toiletries and a hair dryer .
it is equipped with air conditioning and free wi - fi in all areas .
set in an aromatic pine wood , this family - run hotel and restaurant is just 100 metres from the beach at marina di grosseto .
rustaveli theatre is 5 km from nova - lux apartments .
local specialities such as nyonya cuisine are featured at majestic malacca hotel ’ s the mansion restaurant .
it offers spacious accommodation with free wi - fi .
the property offers free parking .
the nh valencia center ’ s restaurant serves international and mediterranean dishes for lunch and dinner .
restaurants and pubs can be found within a 5 - minute walk from the motel .
fitted with tuscan - style furnishings , this holiday home is equipped with a kitchen , a living area complete with a sofa and a flat - screen tv . the private bathroom includes a shower .
free private parking is available at departamento pelicanos .
rooms are equipped with satellite tv and a private bathroom .
a microwave , small fridge , and coffee - making facilities are provided .
at chalés felicidade guests will find a garden and a terrace .
a flat - screen tv with satellite channels is featured .
you will find a shared lounge at the property .
the tauernradweg , a cycling track , starts 200 metres from the apartment and hiking tracks are accessible right from the doorstep .
a fully - equipped kitchen is present on each floor and guests can make use of the barbecue facilities .
featuring air conditioning and free wifi in all areas , pension reina josefina is located in granada .
apartment varnæsvigvej is located in kværs .
the kitchen is modern and includes built - in appliances and a dining table with 7 chairs .
the town of kimi is 25 km away .
dishes are freshly prepared using locally sourced produce .
the living area has a tv , sofa and dining table .
at cafe astir , you can have continental breakfast , and later in the day enjoy drinks and cocktails .
the egon schiele art centre is only 300 metres away .
other facilities include a tv , wood - burning stove and washing machine .
a short distance from the sea , the guest house also offers bike hire .
it offers an outdoor pool and activities like yoga and dance classes .
with modern decor , the rooms are fitted with a seating area and air conditioning .
the rauris hochalmbahnen ski area is 150 metres away , and a sled run can be reached on foot in 3 minutes .
the property also offers grocery delivery .
flåm and the famous flåm railway is 1 . 5 hours away by car .
newark international airport is within a 25 - minute drive of the hotel .
the distance to hoai river is 1 . 3 km .
rooms feature flat - screen tvs with dvd players and minibars .
their private bathrooms are complete with a hairdryer and a set of toiletries .
featuring free wifi and a barbecue , villa ros offers accommodation in mirnyy , 200 metres to the black sea coast .
the hotel also offers free private parking .
the private bathroom comes with a hairdryer , shower and toiletries .
the modern - art décor rooms offer a fan , a work desk , radio and cable tv .
downtown san juan is less than 16 km from the guest house , while el yunque national park is 40 km away .
the hotel has a shared lounge area with a tv .
the family - run hotel offers home - cooked meals in a dining room that overlooks the coast .
the guest house also offers bike hire .
at chalé foz do iguaçu there is a garden .
angelini ’ s restaurant specialises in romagna cuisine and is open for breakfast , lunch and dinner from april until september .
naughty by nature is a holiday home with a patio , located in pigeon forge , 1 . 7 km from the grand majestic theater . the unit is 2 . 1 km from country tonite theatre .
free wifi is available .
spanish inspired , rooms are furnished in period pieces , cast iron detail and colourful paintings .
the accommodation comes with a flat - screen tv with cable channels .
you can get to the beach , which offers a selection of restaurants , within 5 minutes ́ walk .
rossgarten gate is 1 . 3 km from apartment on tikhaya ulitsa , while maraunenhof is 1 . 4 km away .
other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities , a tour desk and luggage storage .
it operates a 24 - hour front desk to assist guests at all hours .
mountain and garden views can be enjoyed in all rooms .
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower and bidet .
full english and continental breakfasts are available daily .
within 300 meters from the beach in the normandy seaside town of le tréport , the hôtel de calais has a variety of accommodation with satellite tv , en suite bathroom and wi - fi available throughout .
the bathroom is fully stocked with slippers , free toiletries and a hairdryer .
this card offers many free benefits and discounts , including free use of local cable cars and public transport in the valley and to innsbruck .
a basket with breakfast items is provided daily .
this apartment has a kitchenette , bathroom , bedroom , lounge area and garden with outdoor furniture .
located 45 km from volterra , apartment pansy offers pet - friendly accommodation in campiglia marittima . the unit is 37 km from castiglione della pescaia .
the private bathroom has a shower and a bidet .
apartments at two bedroom guaimas posada condominiums feature a tv , air conditioning and a balcony . there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
private bathrooms come with a shower , a hairdryer and free toiletries .
the homelike rooms feature a flat - screen tv with satellite channels , and hot drinks facilities .
the pirineos is surrounded by shops .
shared bathrooms come with a shower .
its south - facing terrace overlooks the floral garden and the hosts serve homemade jam and freshly - baked bread for breakfast .
a cable tv is provided in each room at the best western plus monahans inn and suites .
souvenirs can be bought at the gift shop .
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge and ski storage .
rogers arena is 1 . 5 km from howard johnson hotel vancouver .
shops , bars and restaurants can be found within a 3 - minute walk of the property .
there is also a banquet facility which can be used at extra cost , which offers various french cousine and buffet courses for special occasions . ironing service is provided for free , while dry cleaning , laundry and a laptop pc rental service are available at extra cost .
at cuong thanh hotel , guests can approach the staff for assistance with luggage storage and laundry services .
other facilities include a 24 - hour front desk , summer terrace , library , free bike hire and free shuttle service to the city centre .
the apartment features stylish wooden floors and is decorated in light , warm colours .
rooms include a tv .
breakfast is served every morning in the restaurant , which also has a small menu card with swiss specialities and various daily specials .
equipped with a fan , all rooms at yellow hostel buzios contain either a shared or private bathroom .
weston - super - mare is 10 minutes ’ walk away .
guests can indulge in gastronomy pleasures in many restaurants serving istrian specialties such as asparagus , truffles and smoked ham .
a local farmer ' s market is also in the same building .
the hotel serves a selection of mediterranean and international cuisine in its restaurant , which offers sea views .
all the rooms come with a satellite tv , air conditioning and a balcony .
other facilities like luggage storage and dry cleaning are offered .
the nearest beach is 1 km away .
hotel safi is situated in the peaceful surroundings of rhodope mountains , and offers apartments with panoramic views of the lake and the city . free wifi is provided throughout the property and free private parking is available on site .
there is a dining area and a kitchen .
guests can also access the fujimikogen snow resort within a 30 - minute drive .
the rooms have a flat - screen tv .
each room features tea / coffee making facilities , table and chairs , refrigerator and toaster . ironing facilities , en suite bathroom with hairdryer , and an outdoor table with chairs are provided .
although there is no on - site dining option , the hotel is within a 5 - minute walk from several restaurants .
other facilities offered at the property include a games room , a beach volley court and a children ' s playground .
breakfast includes cappuccino , croissants , cheese and ham .
all rooms have a private bathroom .
the unit is 900 metres from azerbaijan opera and ballet theatre .
guests can dine at manny ’ s , a gourmet steakhouse and seafood restaurant , for breakfast , lunch and dinner .
free wifi is available throughout the property .
apartments have a kitchen with a stove , a dishwasher and an oven .
the property is 170 metres from cardeal arcoverde metro station and 2 . 4 km from botafogo beach .
free parking is available on - site .
offering fantastic mountain views , this charming 5 - bedroom country house is located in biescas .
situated in sudak , 48 km from alushta , guest house in district asret is surrounded by the forest and the mountains .
there is a private bathroom with a bath and bidet .
the baltic sea is within 2 km , and the dinosaur park is 500 metres from the małgorzata .
top hotel cheonan offers spacious rooms with a wall - mounted flat - screen tv , a seating area and a computer .
all rooms are equipped with a flat - screen tv including freeview channels .
a toaster and refrigerator are also featured , as well as a coffee machine .
situated in a mountainous area , in the village of espinoso de compludo , albergue el arte de amarte offers accommodation with heating , free wi - fi , and free public parking .
guests can benefit from facilities such as a 24 - hour front desk , luggage storage and free parking options .
it ' s large terrace comes with an outdoor seating area and sun loungers .
guests can have a relaxing massage in the comfort of their rooms , or exercise in the fitness centre .
a variety of cafés and restaurants can be found within a 5 - minute walk of the self - catering strandruh apartments .
they also include a kitchenette with a microwave , fridge - freezer and coffee - making facilities .
you can enjoy pool and garden views from your villa .
the millennium stadium is just 20 minutes walk , and cardiff castle can be reached in 15 minutes .
at pousada riacho doce urubici you will find barbecue facilities , a garden and a shared kitchen and lounge .
every room at this hotel is air conditioned and is equipped with a flat - screen tv .
free wifi is offered and free private parking is available on site .
les greniers du mont blanc offers self - catering chalets in the mountain village of passy , 10 km from saint gervais - les - bains , featuring views of the mountains and towards mont blanc .
set in a historic colonial construction with a charming central courtyard , qorichaska has comfortable rooms with free wi - fi .
the hotel is a 10 - minute drive from the popular orchard road and the esplanade theatre .
the tour desk organises many activities , such as rafting , paragliding , caving and hiking in chicamocha national park .
there is a games room , offering different board and card plays as well as billiards .
the accommodation is air conditioned and comes with a dining area and a seating area with a flat - screen tv . there is also a kitchen , equipped with a fridge .
hotel 81 cosy is located in the heritage - rich chinatown , a short 10 - minute walk from outram mrt station .
the property lies 1 . 4 km from manchester apollo and 1 . 7 km from the palace theatre and manchester piccadilly train station .
the plaza offers a buffet breakfast each morning , while the bar and restaurant serve israeli specialities .
a flat - screen tv is provided .
the airport is a 1 - hour drive away .
the private bathroom includes a shower and free toiletries .
direct tram connections to dresden ’ s old town and city centre are offered from bischofsweg tram stop , 40 metres from villa romantika .
the lu bagnu beach is a 10 - minute walk from the apartments .
sheremetyevo international airport is 12 km away .
malaga airport is 130 km from the property .
each bedroom is uniquely decorated and has a terrace , a tv with satellite and cable channels , air conditioning and tea / coffee making facilities .
athinios port and the island ’ s airport are around 5 km away .
there is free shuttle service at the property .
the in - house dining area serves local , indian and chinese delights .
this bright apartment has 2 private terraces with sea and mountain views .
cabana vadasz is located in sovata , 5 km from the praid salt mine and 4 km from lake ursu .
free private parking is available on site .
the apartment includes a seating area and 2 separate bedrooms .
hotel des bains is a one - minute walk from the beach and the attractive shopping promenade next to parco navi , is equipped with all the facilities to ensure a pleasant beach holiday .
cefalù is a 30 - minute drive away .
it has a gourmet restaurant and a walled garden .
cfgc grand hotel offers comfortable accommodation in beijing . guests may get the free entry to exterior base of china film group corporation .
all have a tv , minibar and comfortable armchairs .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer .
at domum hotel , guests will find a 24 - hour front desk . guests can also benefit from room service .
rooms are rustic , with a nice touch of colour and local décor .
it offers a private beach and sea - view rooms .
bresstraat tram and bus stop is 350 metres from the residence .
each bright apartment has a living - dining area with a sofa bed , and a kitchenette with a microwave and fridge .
essen ’ s main train station is 5 minutes away by underground .
this holiday home is 11 km from santorini ( thira ) airport .
the kitchenette is equipped with a microwave , stove , kettle and fridge .
the world - famous leaning tower is a 10 - minute drive away .
their private bathrooms have showers .
the opera and ballet theatre is 3 . 5 km from chayka hotel , and the udmurt republic government house is 10 minutes ’ drive away .
the motel ’ s dining and living areas are for guests to share .
sample various kinds of alcoholic and non - alcoholic beverages in one of our lively theme bars and simply absorb the laidback and relaxing ambience of this magnificent place .
juhkentali 32 apartment offers accommodation in tallinn , 200 metres from kalevi stadium and 400 metres from tallinn international bus station . the property boasts views of the city and is 1 . 1 km from nordea concert hall .
free private parking is available on site .
free wi - fi access is available .
you can start your day with a rich buffet breakfast served in the rustic - style dining room with a tiled stove .
brockton country inn & suites is 2 miles from fuller craft museum and waldo lake .
many restaurants , bars and a grocery store can be found in a short walking distance . eilat promenade is about 1 km away , while imax 3d cinema is located 500 metres .
free private parking is available on site .
decorated in warm colours , rooms at the luis de león offer a minibar and air conditioning .
stunning views of the sea can be enjoyed on the terrace with a cup of turkish tea or coffee .
some rooms are equipped with refrigerators and microwaves .
the neatly decorated , 4 - bedroom apartment offers a flat - screen tv , air conditioning , balcony , seating area with a sofa , laundry area , and private bathroom with a spa bath .
forty martyrs church is 800 metres from guest rooms tsarevets , while tsarevets fortress is 900 metres from the property .
all rooms offer free wi - fi . on - site parking is available .
facilities include a kitchenette , flat - screen satellite tv , bathroom , and sitting and dining areas .
the property offers free parking .
this bed and breakfast has water sports facilities and free use of bicycles is available .
it is ideally located for exploring würzburg by public transport , car or bicycle , and franconia ’ s charming vineyards are also within easy reach .
a breakfast buffet is served every morning .
offering a restaurant , hotel na trakte is located in yekaterinburg .
cable tv with hbo is available in every room at the courtyard cranbury south brunswick .
private bathrooms include a shower , hairdryer and free toiletries .
the accommodation is fitted with a tv . there is also a kitchen , fitted with a dishwasher .
charlotte springhill suites hotel is 10 minutes ' drive from the university of north carolina at charlotte and pnc music pavilion .
moroccan cuisine is offered at the tajine restaurant , and the nightclub offers entertainment .
guest house vetan offers pet - friendly accommodation in alushta .
situated in ahangama , villa flo offers a garden and terrace . koggala airport is 1 . 6 km from the property .
greenbelt mall is 2 . 1 km from zen rooms palanan , while glorietta mall is 2 . 5 km from the property .
shuttle services are available on request and a ski bus stops 270 metres away .
guests at mystays fukuoka tenjin can enjoy a health treatment at the spa .
grand central studios features self - catered accommodation with free wifi in the centre of sibiu , just 250 metres from the large square .
a kitchenette with cooking facilities , coffee machine and fridge is included in all studios at the pantheon .
kolpino airport is located 27 km away .
the 3 - star best western aurore is located 250 metres from gare de lyon train and metro station in east paris .
the kitchenette comes with a dishwasher and a microwave .
luggage storage and photocopying services are available on site .
kissamos stadium is 700 metres from edgewater studios .
each suite features quality hungarian goose down bedding , egyptian cotton towelling and bathrobes .
dubrovnik airport is located 4 km from the property .
the hotel ’ s well - stocked bar serves a variety of drinks .
parque metro station is a 3 - minute walk away .
the en suite rooms have freeview tvs , toiletries , tea / coffee , hairdryers and radio alarm clocks .
the building offers 2 lifts , a concierge service and secure door entry .
less than a minutes ' walk from the sea , golden beach villa in sanya has 2 restaurants and air - conditioned rooms with free wi - fi .
featuring a bath , the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer .
bike hire and car hire are available at this guest house and the area is popular for cycling .
hotel eden provides basic air - conditioned rooms with shared bathroom facilities .
you can choose between mediterranean and italian cuisine , or a simple snack from the pool bar ( open in summer ).
there are also barbecue facilities available at an extra charge .
each room here will provide you with air conditioning and a private bathroom with a shower .
the hotel provides a tour desk which organises excursions to the city and nearby attractions .
coney island is 15 km from just stay guesthouse , while brooklyn navy yard is 3 . 2 km from the property .
the property offers free parking .
a fully - equipped kitchen and en suite bathroom are also included .
murtala muhammed international airport is 30 minutes ' drive away .
pullman hostel offers accommodation in syktyvkar .
neighbouring hakuba iwatake snow field , villa komakusa offers a breath - taking view of the northern alps and a cosy cottage with wooden interiors and a ktichen .
there is a dining area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher , an oven and microwave . a flat - screen tv with satellite channels , as well as a cd player are offered .
guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant .
a daily breakfast is available in a common room .
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge , a tour desk and a children ' s playground .
tbilisi international airport is 17 km away .
private bathrooms are equipped with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
zoagli train station is 900 metres from the mare zoagli . rapallo is 5 km away .
a continental breakfast with scones , pastries and jams can be enjoyed daily .
free on - site parking is provided .
lara beach is just a 15 - minute walk away .
featuring a two - storey villa with an open living area in each storey , each comes with a flat - screen cable tv with dvd player and ipod docking station .
guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant with a variety of cuisines and room service .
dolce la hulpe combines a quiet forest setting with luxurious spa facilities .
it features an outdoor pool , free private parking and a restaurant serving local indonesian dishes .
some rooms face the quiet courtyard .
there is a hot tub and a spa on site , which can also be enjoyed at an extra cost .
guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant .
other facilities at villa moraca include a barbecue .
shared bathrooms are fitted with a bath .
featuring an outdoor swimming pool and bbq facilities , villa milou offers furnished , self - catering apartments . it is located in the north of pretoria , just 10 - minutes ’ walk from kolonnade shopping centre and montana traders .
each chalet here features rustic décor and comes equipped with a fridge , cable tv and a private balcony with an outdoor seating area and bbq facilities .
the podjavornik ski area is located 8 km away .
comfort ’ s air - conditioned rooms include cable tv and a minibar .
hotel grand ' s restaurant offers traditional albanian specialties , as well as sea food and pizza .
a selection of cocktails , spirits and local drinks are served at the garden bar .
hotel sonnenblinck is located in valkenburg , right next to the train station houthem - st . gerlach and around the corner from the bus stop .
guests enjoy garden view from the room .
la grande baie is a sea - side resort overlooking bonne anse bay , 17 km from royan .
the two - bedroom apartments come with a fully equipped kitchen , a dining area , a seating area with a sofa , and a private bathroom with a bath or shower .
yekaterinburg train station is 5 km from the hostel . koltsovo airport is 17 km away .
parking is free for the duration of the stay .
holiday home svend gønges vej is located in fakse . the property is suitable for 4 guests .
the nearest airport is heraklion international airport , 50 km from sarakina ' s home .
the accommodation features a flat - screen tv with cable channels . some units include a seating area and / or balcony .
a flat - screen tv is offered .
some feature a fireplace or a private terrace .
pre - packaged breakfast items are at guests ' disposal in the room .
the kitchen includes a washing machine and microwave .
the accommodation will provide you with a a living room including tv and satellite channels . the kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher and a microwave .
prumirim beach is 300 metres away .
each air - conditioned room at the riviera marina hotel has a private balcony , with views of the sea , swimming pool or hotel entrance . rooms feature stylish contemporary décor .
it features a garden , and is a 10 - minute drive from bergamo train station .
other facilities offered at the property include meeting rooms , a shared lounge and luggage storage . the property offers free parking .
at azumaya tenjin , guests can relax in the sauna , soak in the hot spring baths or purchase souvenirs at the gift shop .
breakfast can also be brought to your room on request .
the kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher and an oven , as well as a coffee machine .
all units at kammerlandhof come with a balcony , separate bedrooms and a living room with a kitchenette .
there is also a garden with barbecue facilities at studio petric .
offering a pool with hydromassage jets and a restaurant , the beachfront sentido cypria bay is 2 km from paphos town centre .
picnic baskets are available on request .
wroclaw – copernicus airport is 88 km away .
the hotel is within 3 km from the iconic red fort , ancient jama masjid and the beautiful birla temple .
several restaurants and bars can be found within the area .
apartamenty sun & snow karpacz centrum is a self - catering accommodation located in a green mountainous area of karpacz .
please note that this property has a minimum stay policy of 3 nights during the season from 25th of july till 25th of august !
airport shuttle service is available upon request and at a surcharge .
the property is fitted with central heating and air - conditioning .
bears lodge is an alpine chalet - style hotel where guests can simply walk down to the lake stocked with fish , play on the small beach area , test their wits on some of the hiking trails .
lucky bungalows is just a 10 - minute drive to the well - known phsar leu .
tbilisi international airport is 12 km from the property .
featuring a shower , the bathroom also comes with a bidet .
the apartment comes with a seating area with a tv , washing machine and bathroom with a hairdryer . the kitchenette includes an oven and refrigerator .
wrocław główny railway station is 1 . 8 km away .
the bathroom comes with a shower and free toiletries .
skiing is a popular activity in the area and both the gros murger ski lift and the troika ski lift are 200 metres from the chalet .
free wi - fi access is available .
the elegantly decorated rooms of villa orsula offer sea , garden or panoramic views of dubrovnik ’ s old town .
the private rooms each offer ironing facilities and tea / coffee making supplies . all include a private bathroom with free toiletries .
tenerife sur airport is located 40 . 8 km away .
zadar city center is 6 km away .
a golf course is available 4 . 5 km away on the brijun island .
the popular istiklal avenue is about a 10 - minute walk away .
the lotus hill , baomo garden and dafushan forest park are a 10 - minute drive away .
guests can enjoy continental breakfast , as well as recharge their batteries with a 4 - course dinner later on .
you can play table tennis at the resort .
facial and body treatments are provided upon prior reservation .
airport shuttle and diving packages can be arranged upon request .
located in the centre of wolfsegg am hausruck , schlosstaverne obrist offers a traditional austrian restaurant , free wifi access , and free use of its sauna and steam bath .
other surcharged facilities offered include a sauna and massages .
the špindlerův mlýn ski area can be reached within 6 km .
built in accordance to the local architecture , the recently renovated property offers 14 self - catered studios with free wi - fi , lcd tv , and large balconies overlooking the sea .
the reception is 24 hours and a launderette is on site .
the bathroom is fitted with a shower and provides a hairdryer and free toiletries .
the scuol tarasp train station , the motta naluns cable cars , and the centre of scuol with the bogn engiadina spa centre can be reached on foot within 5 minutes .
some of them feature air conditioning .
the rooms have a flat - screen tv . certain units include a seating area to relax in after a busy day .
a non - smoking allergy - free environment is offered for added comfort .
certain units include a seating area for your convenience .
set in belokurikha in the altaysky kray region , 1 . 4 km from katun 1 bar lift , holiday home u zlatogora boasts a terrace and sauna .
the private bathroom comes with a shower and a hairdryer .
each of the rooms at landgasthof hotel rittmayer is decorated in a modern style . they come equipped with a satellite tv , desk and private bathroom with hairdryer .
it offers spacious suites with free wi - fi access .
offering an outdoor pool and a bar , andy ' s gardens is a 5 - minute drive from the centre of platanias resort .
brussels can be reached in 34 minutes by car .
stone town and zanzibar international airport are both situated within 60 km of the lodge .
guests can enjoy the patio with bbq facilities and the interiors in rustic style , featuring stone walls and wooden beamed ceilings .
the sea town of fano is a 20 - minute drive from marche holiday hill .
at venicia tower hotel you will find a buffet restaurant .
guests can enjoy a russian sauna , billiard and table tennis on site and use the ski storage room and the shared lounge with bbq facilities .
the property offers free parking .
akihabara and asakusa can be reached from asakusa - bashi station , while higashi - nihonbashi station offers direct transit to haneda airport as well as narita airport .
guest rooms at admiralty house have tea and coffee facilities , a wardrobe and tv .
each has a mini - fridge , coffee maker and well - lit desk with ergonomic chair .
the hotel is only 30 minutes from dublin city centre , 50 km from dublin airport , and just 15 minutes from dundrum shopping centre . the large country estate of powerscourt is just 10 minutes away by car , as are some of wicklow ’ s finest and championship golf courses .
cable tv is provided in every room at lakeside inn . complete with a microwave , the rooms are also equipped with a refrigerator and a coffee machine .
laundry service and luggage storage can be found at the 24 - hour front desk .
it is 7 km from beziers train station and 73 km from montpellier - méditerranée airport .
the nearest airport is goa international airport , 21 km from vincent ' s holiday home .
breakfast can be enjoyed at the poolside , so you can start your day under the warm mediterranean sun .
all apartments and rooms provide a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
some rooms have a shared bathroom and a balcony with city views .
free private parking is available on site .
haus erika is centrally located in bad gastein , a 5 - minute walk from the felsentherme thermal spa and the stubnerkogel cable car .
each room comes with a private bathroom .
fax and photocopies are also available .
my - places can offer evening security on request and free change of bed linen , towels and cleaning of the apartment every 2 weeks .
located in arlos , l ’ abri d ’ arlos offers self - catering rooms in a chalet with a garden , terrace and table tennis .
the property has a reception and lobby .
mariscal lamar airport is a 7 - minute drive .
they will provide you with a tv and air conditioning .
penzion sonáta is located in luhacovice , czech republic . tv is available in this guest house .
within 900 metres guests will find the st . stephen ’ s cathedral and the kärnterstraße shopping street .
every room is equipped with satellite tv and a refrigerator .
the hotel serves a buffet breakfast .
pueblito paisa is within 8 km and olaya herrera airport is 20 minutes ' drive away .
this traditional hotel is only 3 minute - walk from graz main train station and a 10 - minute walk from the old town .
the village centre is located only two blocks away from the place , and tequisquiapan is only 20 minutes ’ drive away .
some includes a living room and kitchen complete with stove .
the old vicarage is a fine hotel in a conservation area , and is located north - east of nottingham .
a seating area with a flat - screen tv , a washing machine and tumble dryer and a full kitchen are offered at playa de havasu .
a recliner chair is provided for added comfort .
the centre of mestre is a 10 - minute walk away from hotel giovannina .
free private parking is also available on site .
with air conditioning , rooms come with a tv and fridge .
a la carte breakfast is provided daily .
rooms are also equipped with a cable tv and tea - and coffee - making facilities .
schloss restaurant straßburg hosts various exhibitions .
free private parking as well as motorbike and bicycle storage are available on site .
guests will also find tea / coffee making facilities , as well as , toiletries .
the immaculate conception cathedral can be reached in a short 2 minute walk .
there is an originally decorated restaurant serving european cuisine , as well as a bar and a souvenir shop .
free wifi is available .
the villa is about 3 km from kaloor bus terminal and 5 . 5 km from the city centre .
set on a former farm , this family - run b & b has a geothermal hot tub in the garden , a fully equipped guest kitchen and a lounge .
many feature a balcony , overlooking the beautiful garden .
restaurants , bars and grocers can be reached within a walking distance .
lower nimpkish river provincial park is 15 minutes ’ drive away .
certain units feature a seating area for your convenience .
ferienhaus grubhof is located on a south - facing hill , 3 km from the centre of saalbach , and offers you a petting zoo , en - suite rooms and apartments , and in winter it features a spacious sauna area .
guests can take a private chauffeured tour , taking you to some of the smaller undiscovered cellar doors .
- 107 km to tiznit
the drillers baseball field is within a 10 - minute drive .
set in a renovated baroque house in lisbon ’ s lively bairro alto , lisbon best hostel offers accommodation 200 metres from rossio railway station .
antonio nariño airport can be reached in a 40 - minute drive . the town ’ s centre can be reached ina short 5 - minute walk .
king abdullah sport city and al othaim mall are 4 . 6 km from dorrat aldeblomat .
free wi - fi access is available .
during meals , guest can enjoy live entertainment and music .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out pompidou centre ( 1 . 1 km ) and opéra bastille ( 1 . 6 km ).
meals are not available on site but there are various eating places in the area .
each one offers a flat - screen tv , a minibar and an electric kettle .
each comes with air conditioning , a patio and a private bathroom .
apartments have a kitchenette complete with oven and fridge .
the property offers self - service laundry facilities and a barbecue area . there is also a games room and a petanque course .
guests enjoy free on - site parking .
it is 1 . 5 km to ergo arena and 10 km to gdańsk city centre with its numerous attractions .
the guti oriental restaurant serves asian cuisine and international wines .
a flat - screen cable tv , a microwave and a small refrigerator are featured in each air - conditioned room at motel 6 santa rosa route 66 . private bathrooms also include a bath or shower .
every unit is equipped with a private bathroom with free toiletries .
free wifi access in all areas and free parking are both available .
your room at the royal hotel is complete with free wired internet access , plus an lcd tv with surround sound .
you will find a kettle in the room . each room is equipped with a private bathroom with a bath and shower , with slippers , free toiletries and a hair dryer provided .
it is just 15 minutes ’ walk from fréjus town centre and a 20 - minte walk from the beach .
with a homey atmosphere coupled with renovated interiors , the hostel features accommodation in twin rooms , family rooms and dormitories .
rome ciampino airport is 15 km from the property .
grandpa ́ s farmhouse is situated in alcobaça , 6 km from monastery of alcobaca . alcobaça castle is 6 km from the property .
the spa centre at grand nar hotel includes a turkish bath , sauna and massage services .
some have a balcony .
other facilities include a fitness centre .
pension eliza ’ s bright rooms have views over skiathos ’ town and the port .
bicycle / ski storage facilities with a boot dryer are available on site .
transfers to kharkiv international airport are available on request .
s sukhumvit suites is situated between sukhumvit soi 21 and 23 beside asoke bts train station and opposite to terminal 21 shopping mall .
the open - plan kitchenette comes with a dining table . the bathroom is fitted with a shower and a hairdryer .
residencial christal das flores is located in canasvieiras , and is a 10 - minute walk to the beach .
free wi - fi is provided throughout and a moroccan breakfast is served every morning .
featuring an outdoor pool with a sun terrace , hotel hegsagone marine asia is located in gebze . it offers offers free wi - fi and free on - site private parking ,
eskifjordur ’ s geothermal outdoor swimming pool is within 15 minutes ’ drive .
set in the heart of the ardennes , the property is a good starting point for trail walks in the roannay valley .
at marakesh hotel you will find an airport shuttle service , a 24 - hour front desk and a bar . other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities , an on - site shop , and an ironing service .
there will be homemade cakes for you to enjoy on your arrival .
sa tanqueta de fornalutx offers a daily breakfast service .
free wifi access is available .
free parking is provided on site .
the nearest town is käru , 6 . 6 km away .
the apartments have 1 twin bedroom and a private bathroom with a bath .
located in chicago ’ s bronzeville neighborhood , this modern apartment features access to a seasonal swimming pool and includes free wi - fi access .
you can enjoy panoramic views form all the villas .
the guest house also offers car hire .
7days inn dongguan humen huanghe shizhuang branch offers accommodation with free wi - fi .
located on jordan ’ s lake , this property is located in historic flat rock .
the simple bungalow , made of wood , comes with a fan and tiled floors .
all rustic - style rooms come with wood - beamed ceilings and a private bathroom with hairdryer and free toiletries .
the spacious apartments of contemporary design all feature a private terrace or balcony with a seating area .
they are fitted with an lcd tv with satellite channels , including some foreign news channels .
all rooms have a private bathroom with a hairdryer .
the units have shared bathroom facilities with a bath or shower , free toiletries , a hairdryer , a wash basin and a toilet .
each air - conditioned room is equipped with cable tv , safe , minibar and en suite bathroom with shower facilities .
rooms are fitted with flat - screen cable tvs and include minibars and seating areas .
the gschwandkopf ski area is within 500 metres .
you can enjoy city view and river view from all the rooms .
guests can also enjoy hiking , paragliding or cycling during summer .
brindisi papola airport is 15 minutes away by car .
it offers 2 outdoor pools , a hot tub and restaurant .
a minibar and a small seating area are included .
a microwave , a small refrigerator and coffee - making facilities are also included .
surrounded with greenery in a quiet settlement of kerestinec , this air - conditioned apartment features a terrace . the unit is 16 km from the centre of zagreb . free private parking is available on site .
located 4 . 8 km from aberdeen city centre , best western summerhill hotel and suites welcomes guests with a restaurant and bar , and free wifi .
guests can enjoy beautiful panoramic views of the city and the islands while riding dubrovnik cable car .
the hostel is 4 km from baku train station . heydar aliyev international airport is 26 . 5 km away .
kuala lumpur international airport is 44 km away .
the accommodation offers barbecue facilities , terrace , washing machine and a hot tub with capacity for two persons .
situated 1 . 6 km from the las vegas convention center , lucky dragon hotel & casino features a large gaming casino with 2 vip areas , 5 restaurants , 2 bars and a spa .
offering an outdoor pool and bicycle rental , kysthusene gilleleje is located by the kattegat sea , 2 km from central gilleleje .
there is free parking on site .
the girasole guest house enjoys a quiet location , 2 km from the airolo exit of the a2 / e35 motorway and 80 metres from the train station .
the property can assist with car rentals .
it is a 6 - minute drive from pioneer park museum .
they are fitted with warm lighting , cable tv , a fridge and tea / coffee maker .
it offers individually decorated rooms , a stable and a pond with a fishing pier and an island .
l ' arco offers accommodation in volastra , a small village in the cinque terre national park , 9 km from vernazza and a 17 - minute drive from corniglia .
apartments feature a kitchenette and air purifiers are available throughout .
a seating area and private bathroom with shower , hairdryer and free toiletries are provided .
the anne frank house is a 10 - minute walk .
private hot tubs and saunas are available for an additional fee .
at vivo inn , a variety of activities such as diving and fishing can be arranged .
the denver coliseum is 3 miles away .
all apartments in this high - rise offer free wifi and a flat - screen tv .
wifi is provided in some of the rooms , for free .
a 10 - minute drive from lake michigan , residence inn waukegan provides self - contained accommodation in north chicago .
a flat - screen satellite tv and a cozy sofa can be found in each room .
extras include ironing facilities .
all rooms come with a flat - screen tv with cable channels , a writing desk and a sofa .
chillan hot springs are a 10 - minute car ride away .
they also have a full - wall mirror and a coffee maker .
kitchens have microwaves .
each room is equipped with a shared bathroom .
it offers modern villas with a kitchen and private pool .
etno - park majkin salas is located close by , and features a designed park with traditional houses , restaurants serving local specialties and horses .
all apartments have a living room and kitchen , while rooms have an en suite bathroom .
soothing massages await at bifern homestay after a day of activity .
there are also a wide variety of walks which can be taken along the coastline and the glens which surround the area .
certain rooms feature a seating area to relax in after a busy day .
hoang de hotel is housed in a modern building . providing affordable accommodation , the property also offers free wifi access and well - furnished rooms cooled with air conditioning .
other facilities offered at the property include a vending machine .
all cottages are air conditioned and feature a seating area .
dalian zhoushuizi international airport is 6 km away .
the beachfront restaurant serves delicious local and international dishes , and offers free wi - fi .
these bright and stylish apartments at boardinghouse offenbach are elegantly decorated with modern furnishings and spacious natural - stone bathrooms .
a flat - screen tv with satellite channels is offered .
you will find a shared kitchen at the property .
ideally situated on a bluff above the pacific ocean , seal cove inn is located in half moon bay , just 30 minutes ' drive from san francisco .
the noemi hotel is 1 - minute walk from st . mark ’ s square and is surrounded by venice ' s most popular shops , cafés and restaurants .
rovinj marina is 1 . 5 km away , while the lively carera street is about 1 . 6 km from the property .
complejo las hoyas is 8 km from villa carlos paz bus terminal and 40 km from cordoba .
the kitchen features a stove , fridge , microwave and kitchenware .
gum department store is 2 . 4 km from apartments on zemlyanoy val 2 , while lenin mausoleum is 2 . 5 km from the property .
it houses the garden restaurant le grand serving bohemian and international cuisine , and a lobby bar with light snacks and drinks .
the nearest airport is trieste airport , 34 km from the property .
torino porta nuova train station is just a 2 - minute walk away .
it offers a 24 - hour gym , free 24 - hour laundry services and free internet .
a flat - screen tv is available .
bicycle rental is also possible on site .
guests can enjoy the property ’ s garden , located on site .
the nearest airport is vaclav havel prague airport , 11 km from the property .
the nearest beach is just 50 metres away .
the property offers free parking .
an 8 - minute drive to mahdia museum , the hotel is a 9 - minute drive from mahdia railway station .
offering a barbecue , children ' s playground and sun terrace , guest house flamingo is situated in olginka in the krasnodar krai region , 48 km from lazarevskoye .
some units have a seating area where you can relax .
the bar is open every day and provides you with free newspapers .
they are all accessible by elevator .
the ferry port with the main bus station is 850 metres from i apartment , while split airport is about 20 km away .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with slippers .
located in london , mayfair apartments - berkeley square offers self - catering accommodation with free wifi access throughout .
free private , on - site parking is provided .
the property features a kitchen and a barbecue for guests ’ use .
a spacious garage with motorcycle and bicycle storage space is at the guests ' disposal .
praia mole beach is located 1 . 6 km away whilst joaquina beach is within 2 km .
there is also a beer garden and a disco room .
staff at the front desk can arrange car rental to explore famous beaches , such as panormos at 13 km and the sandy hovolo beach at 18 km .
all rooms come with a flat - screen tv .
alicante airport is a 1 - hour drive away .
reception is open 24 hours a day and staff can offer useful tourist information and arrange museum visits .
the self - catering apartments all feature free wifi and a living area with area with a flat - screen tv with cable channels , a fully equipped kitchenette , and a dining area .
also guests can order breakfast in room , and barbecue facilities are available on site .
free wi - fi access is available .
free private parking is available on site .
free high - speed wifi and free private parking are available .
hotel stara stajnia is located at the poznań - kalisz route .
in the hotel leisure ́ s area , there is a barbecue facility , bar service , deck and a hot tub unit .
the rooms are bright and elegantly decorated in warm colours . each comes with a tv , an electric kettle , and a private bathroom with a shower .
the property offers free parking .
some rooms have a fireplace .
sleep train amphitheatre is 17 miles away .
the maica domnului monastery is 2 . 5 km away and the town of vatra dornei can be reached within 30 km .
bathrobes are provided free of charge .
changsha railway station is 8 km away , whilst changsha huanghua airport is 25 . 75 km away .
lviv state academic opera and ballet theater is 400 metres from apartments on medova 7 , while zankovetski drama theater is 400 metres from the property .
it offers rooms with both shared and private bathroom facilities and flat - screen tvs .
guests can also relax with a hot drink in the hotel ' s lounge .
guests can relax in the tropical garden or by the outdoor swimming pool .
the hotel is only a 20 - minute boat ride from the beautiful iztuzu beach .
a minibar , cable tv and modern wooden furnishings are featured in each room at hotell bele - sweden hotels . all rooms have a bathroom with a hairdryer .
the nearest bus station is just 150 metres from the hotel .
featuring a shower , shared bathroom also comes with a bathrobe and towels .
cosy rooms at ole tai sam un hotel are fitted with hardwood flooring and neutral tone decor .
there are a variety of shops , as well as traditional doner stands and restaurants offering international cuisine surrounding the apartments .
free wifi is featured throughout the property and free private parking is available on site .
guests at baglio poma will find bbq facilities .
in front of the hotel there is a beautiful beach .
it is a 10 - minute journey to tsim sha tsui by train and an hour ' s ride to the airport . a 15 - minute drive leads to hong kong convention and exhibition centre .
the air - conditioned guestrooms at ck are fitted with an in - room safe , cable tv and an en suite bathroom comes with hot shower facilities .
you can play table tennis at the property , and bike hire is available .
guest can benefit from the swimming at the sister property of villa dreams , 1 km away from the hotel .
the hotel can even organise wine - tasting sessions for you .
in stephanie ’ s mountain spa you can relax with a range of soothing body and beauty treatments . the spa ’ s signature treatment is vine therapy , inspired by mercure ’ s own vineyard .
it is a 30 - minute train ride from osaka castle and universal studios japan .
a variety of massages and beauty treatments are available .
the rooms are simply furnished with a cable tv and air conditioning .
the property is a 20 - minute drive from the capanne di marcarolo natural park .
there is a private bathroom with a hairdryer in every unit .
it features an outdoor pool , children ’ s pool and free wi - fi .
shenzhen railway station is 3 . 5 km away , while shenzhen bao ' an international airport is 37 km away .
breakfast and dinner are available on request for a surcharge .
the private bathrooms are equipped with a shower .
room service is also provided .
the mondial hotel is located perpignan city centre , a 10 - minute walk from the train station .
furnished wooden flooring , air - conditioned rooms are equipped with a cable flat - screen tv , a minibar and a seating area .
public parking is available in the streets around the hotel .
etnographic museum of zamora is 300 metres from ares hotel , while plaza mayor is 400 metres from the property .
all hotel rooms have a private bathroom . the apartments and studios also feature a kitchenette or a kitchen .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including skiing , hiking and fishing .
each studio apartment features a flat - screen tv and a private bathroom with a shower and free toiletries .
set 2 . 6 km from fisht olympic stadium in verkhneimeretinskaya bukhta , this apartment features free wifi .
in the evening , german cuisine and fine wines can be enjoyed either in the dining room , the hunter ' s room or on the attractive garden terrace .
there is also a kitchen , equipped with a fridge and stovetop .
alma is 36 km from mobay kotch , while rose hall is 14 km away .
each room features cable tv and a private bathroom .
just 100 metres away there is a stop of the bus going to dubrovnik .
laundry services can be requested at an extra fee .
the apartment has a kitchenette , living area with fireplace .
there is a public car park on site available at a surcharge .
they are simply styled with tiled floors and provide bed linen and bath towels .
this family - owned guest house is located 2 km from popular fuseta beach . the green areas of the ria formosa natural park are within a 4 - minute drive of the bela alexandra guest house .
shows and karaoke events are performed at the theatre on a regular basis , and guests can dance and enjoy themselves at the property ’ s disco .
bed linen is offered .
the owners will happily prepare a traditional home cooked meal or inform the guests about all major sites and places worth visiting in the region .
guesthouse linnamehe in pärnu offers relaxations among estonian forests with a picturesque swimming pond and a green garden , located near the soomaa national park .
the hotel ’ s own car park and a garage for motorbikes and bicycles are available for free .
rooms will provide you with a flat - screen tv , tea / coffee making facilities and parquet flooring .
giardinetti train station is 5 km from the property , while rome is a 25 - minute drive away .
serving italian coffee and freshly baked croissants and fruits , breakfast can be enjoyed in the common room .
the management team behind sky dream villa offers guests a variety of services to ensure that guests enjoy a comfortable stay . everything from personal groceries , laundry , massages , cooking and advice for things to do on samui island are available .
river views can be enjoyed from some rooms .
meals can be arranged on request , prepared with local , organic products .
the property is 550 metres from marina di cariati ' s sandy beach , and a short walking distance from the local shopping centre .
shop is in 2 . 4 km , grocers 1 . 9 km , supermarket 2 . 7 km , restaurant , bar , bakers and café 2 . 4 km , bus stop " la malénaz " 500 m , indoor swimming pool 3 km .
set on a hill in the centre of triesenberg , ferienappartements beck is just 30 metres from the chair lift to sareis ski resort .
the private bathroom comes with a bath or shower .
private bathroom provides a shower and washing machine .
the property offers free parking .
set just 90 metres from barberini metro in the historic centre of rome , appartamento via veneto provides self - catering accommodation with free wifi . the spanish steps are a 5 - minute walk away .
the almenara ’ s spacious rooms are decorated in natural tones . all air - conditioned rooms have stunning views of the golf course or gardens , and include a minibar .
ljubljana airport can be reached in 140 km .
free wifi is available .
bright and airy , all rooms open to a balcony or patio with aegean sea or garden views . they are fitted with green wood furnishings and come equipped with a tv , fridge and kettle .
wifi access is available in this holiday home . the accommodation will provide you with a tv and a balcony .
bodor major is located in a green area , 4km from tahitótfalu .
guests enjoy free use of the hotel ' s infrared sauna .
activities in the surrounding area include a range of hiking trails , as well as canoeing .
free wifi access is available , and a daily continental breakfast is served .
the nearest airport is warsaw chopin airport , 14 km from prudentia apartments anin .
free private parking is available on site .
the reception is open 24 hours a day .
varna airport is 24 km from the property .
guincho beach is a 10 - minute drive from the sea at your fingertips apartment , and guests will find quinta da marinha golf club 3 . 7 km away .
paphos city is 11 km away .
an array of activities can be enjoyed in the surroundings , including cycling and hiking .
the 24 - hour front desk can help with luggage storage and free toiletries .
you can engage in various activities , such as skiing and golfing .
guests can purchase light snacks and beverage at a convenience store just a minute ’ s walk from the hotel .
located few steps from the renovated part of the city , known as new tbilisi , where you can find many cafés , restaurants , bars and coffee shops in a traffic - free environment , this air - conditioned apartment features free wifi and a terrace . guests benefit from balcony and a sun terrace .
the museum quarter is 300 metres away and houses several art museums , cafes , bars and shops .
edmonton international airport is 45 minutes ’ drive away .
the en suite guest rooms of thessalikon are fully equipped .
the property offers free parking .
some units include a seating area for your convenience .
the restaurant serves delicious tuscan specialities in a characteristic dining room .
the nearest airport is lyon - saint exupery airport , 17 km from appartement tolstoï - le totem .
the surrounding area is ideal for horse riding , hiking and cycling .
there is a kitchen with a dining table .
the rooms also include a minibar and a designed bathroom with a shower and a hairdryer .
surrounding activities include the exploring great outdoors and visiting the historical sights and charming market towns .
a 10 - minute walk from aviemore train station , vermont guest house provides well - appointed rooms and full scottish breakfasts .
this holiday park offers a range of accommodation options , from studios with basic kitchenette to cottages with shared bathroom and kitchen facilities .
towels are available .
all rooms come with a flat - screen tv . you will find a kettle in the room .
you will find a shared lounge at the property .
tower bridge is 1 km from leman locke , while london bridge is 1 . 4 km away . the nearest airport is london city airport , 8 km from the property .
the closest grocery shop is 50 metres away .
bed linen is offered .
there is also a large terrace with a panoramic view .
the en suite shower rooms have complimentary toiletries .
also a gourmet shop with a selected choice of regional delicacies is available on site .
reception is open 24 - hours a day , so someone is always ready to help and offer local advice and recommendations .
the inn also offers bike hire .
tiptop hotel , resto and delishop has an outdoor pool , restaurant and rooms and suites with free wifi for guests .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling and hiking .
the property also houses a rooftop indian restaurant and a nightclub .
a daily continental breakfast is served at the longview super 8 . it includes cereal , toast , fruit , and beverages .
it offers free wi - fi and free on - site parking .
your room comes with air conditioning and satellite tv .
situated in vitré city centre , this hotel offers free wi - fi in the entire property , free newspapers and free luggage storage .
free wifi is available at the property .
this holiday home is 64 km from billund airport .
the lisbon international airport is a 17 - minute drive from the cosy apartment in lisbon - principe real .
piraeus is 28 km from villa sunset lagonisi .
all rooms include a balcony , flat - screen tv , a desk and bathroom .
contemporary dishes and wines can be enjoyed at vizta , the hotel ’ s restaurant .
certain units have a seating area for your convenience . the rooms include a private bathroom .
other facilities offered at the property include a children ' s playground .
a 24 - hour front desk assists guests at maceió hotel porto grande .
featuring different themes , each unit in sanya no . 5 love theme apartment is fitted with a tv and a seating area .
air conditioning is available for a surcharge .
the centre of chersonissos , where guests will find taverns and bars , lies within 1 km from oasis beach hotel .
tempo - teatro municipal de portimão is 900 metres from apt portimão t2 , while portimao jesuit college is 1 km away .
the air - conditioned unit is 27 km from tiberias .
the shores of the lake maggiore are 12 km away .
featuring classic decor , the units are fitted with carpeted flooring and hardwood furniture .
the restaurant serves polish and international cuisine and boasts a elegant interior décor .
located 1 km from the banks of the semois river , the auberge is set on a hill overlooking the belgian ardennes .
the apartments are non - smoking and there is a 24 - hour front desk .
middle east hotel is a drive away from local attractions such as the grand egyptian museum and the sphinx .
the woodfire grille & bar features local produce , home - style american dishes , and local micro - brew beers by the pint . beer flights and moonshine cocktails are also offered .
featuring an outdoor pool , garden and free wi - fi in all public areas , antica dimora del turco is located in san giorgio in salici .
popular activities in the area include hiking and fishing .
mollys bar has open fires and the more modern madison bar offers evening entertainment .
guests can relax in the indoor swimming pool and hot tub at the non - smoking virginia beach oceanfront inn .
huifeng ’ s international apartment is a 5 - minute walk from east railway metro station ( line 3 ).
surrounded by olive groves , elaia garden hotel offers air - conditioned rooms with flat - screen tvs .
it is just 10 stations from incheon airport by airport limousine bus ( number 6101 ).
it features an outdoor swimming pool and panoramic views of the indian ocean .
the individually decorated guest rooms feature a wash basin and a tv with cable channels .
the wellness centre features a sauna and a steam bath .
featuring free wifi access , a complimentary breakfast and an outdoor pool blue point offers accommodations located in zorritos .
located in panglao city , the property is about 500 metres from alona beach and 1 . 6 km from danao beach .
split airport is 8 km from peach apartment .
the reception is open 24 hours a day .
facilities include an oven , a microwave , a coffee machine and a flat - screen tv .
each room is decorated in a traditional style and has a private terrace .
all 5 rooms at mocenigo vatican suites feature free wi - fi access , lcd satellite television and tea and coffee - making facilities to ensure you a comfortable and convenient stay .
this family - run property offers charming rooms .
each room provides a tv , air conditioning and a minibar .
additionally , guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant , which also offers special diet menus .
guests can use the fully equipped shared kitchen .
guests at the nussbaumhof hotel receive a discount at the usedom thermal baths , a 15 - minute drive away .
guests are invited to prepare their own home - cooked meals and snacks in the fully equipped kitchen , complete with coffee machine and toaster .
located on ataturk avenue in rize city centre , efes hotel is 600 metres from kultur park along the black sea shores .
several grocery shops are located nearby , and guests can cook in a fully equipped kitchen .
it offers free wi - fi and elegant accommodation combining traditional and modern styling .
the 2 - bedroom accommodation will provide guests with a tv and air conditioning .
a public bus with links to manarola train station and other villages in the national park stops 200 metres from the property .
some of the apartments are decorated with 20th century antique furniture and classical lithuanian art .
autel jardines is 30 minutes ’ drive from el tigre ruins and 45 minutes ’ drive from waterfalls and rafting area .
the kitchen comes with a microwave , oven , dishwasher and refrigerator .
the private bathrooms have a bathtub or a shower .
willa nova is located in the centre of jawor , just 800 metres from jawor railway station .
accommodation will provide you with satellite tv and air conditioning .
other facilities like grocery deliveries , dry cleaning and an ironing service are offered .
qingdao liuting international airport can be reached in 50 minutes by car .
guests enjoy homemade meals , plus hydrotherapy activities , carriage rides , goat farming and bonfires at night .
free private parking is available on site .
dating back to the 18th century , ardagh suites self catering is part of a working farm in sligo .
devonvale golf & wine estate is within 4 km .
kobe quality hotel ’ s 24 - hour front desk offers free luggage storage services .
free wi - fi is provided and complimentary private parking is available .
located only 200 metres from the main bus and train station , montenegro hostel podgorica provides free parking , free wi - fi and common kitchen and lounge areas .
cagliari elmas airport is 7 km from the property .
there are also several restaurants and cafés within a few minutes ’ walk of the hotel .
surrounded by the forest and small rivers , hotel & conferentiecentrum groenendael offers bright rooms with a modern décor .
the goebelsmuhle train station is a 5 - minute drive from s . c . i rannerbaach .
the aeolian museum is 900 metres away .
offering free wifi and a barbecue , holiday park lesnaya skazka is set in barangol . free private parking is available on site .
located in lenola , petalo rosso features free wi - fi throughout , free private parking . it offers a sweet breakfast daily and classic - style rooms .
this all - inclusive hotel offers all meals buffet style .
towels and bed linen are available .
pelagos apartments also includes a sun terrace .
the apartment has a tv and air conditioning .
extras include maid service and fresh linens .
the hotel offers 24 - hour front desk service and luggage storage .
the property is equipped with a tour desk and shuttle service .
a varied breakfast is served in the garden during the summer , and breakfast room service is also available .
the rooms also feature a minibar , cable tv and a phone .
each room has a flat - screen tv , a minibar and a safe .
pazhou complex is an 8 - minute drive away .
within 300 metres of the hotel , guests can find a restaurant , a bar and a supermarket .
gîte de la gare b & b runs along le p ’ tit train du nord cycling trail .
the nearest airport is husein sastranegara airport , 5 km from the property .
located 30 metres from rio de janeiro ' s famous copacabana beach , apartamento domingos ferreira copacabana is a self - catering accommodation offering free wifi access .
the spa area comprises a hot tub , a sauna , and a thermal water tub .
free private parking is available , and camberley train station and the motorway network are easily accessible .
all rooms have a semi - open bathroom fitted with a shower .
there is a fully - equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
sibiu international airport is 7 km away .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out kikar ha - medina within 2 km .
guests have free use of the furnished garden with free parking .
guests can enjoy breakfast in the room with world famous colombian coffee and tropical fruits .
la casa azul de villaconejo offers 1 and 2 - bedroom apartments with a private bathroom each .
the 72nd street underground station is a short walk from these properties . times square is 1 express stop away . lincoln center is a short walk or 1 local stop away .
it offers elegant rooms decorated with precious fabrics , marble , and mosaics .
all have a separate bedroom , a living room with a fully equipped kitchenette , and a bathroom .
zum felde ferienwohnungen is the ideal base for exploring the harbour town of zum felde ferienwohnungen .
guests can get assistance with laundry , ironing and other requests at the 24 - hour front desk .
a dong hotel is located in the major port city of danang .
each room provides a seating area for guests to relax in and a flat - screen tv to enjoy .
a fitness centre is located on - site at the lake george boulders resort cottage . laundry facilities are available .
galeao international airport is 11 km away .
mini - hotel silver features free wifi .
it offers a large wellness centre with both indoor and outdoor swimming pools .
the fully equipped kitchen includes kitchenware .
situated in the centre of the picturesque village of conil de la frontera , hostal la conileña is 800 metres from the beach .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
the nearest airport is santorini ( thira ) airport , 3 km from the property .
buffet breakfast is available on request in the dining room .
the apartment will provide you with a living / dining room , with a sofa bed , an open fireplace and a dining table , a double and a twin bedroom .
situated and a 10 - minute walk from the lake gösserdorf , holiday house köckinger weg enjoys a peaceful location on the outskirts of eberndorf .
a shared room and a games room are available on site .
all rooms are equipped with a flat - screen tv , wardrobe , desk and tea and coffee facilities .
there is also a kitchen , fitted with an oven and microwave . a toaster is also available , as well as a coffee machine and a kettle .
the property offers free parking .
the restaurant has a large and rural terrace surrounded by flowers , plants and trees .
private parking is available on site .
free wi - fi access is available throughout .
each apartment comprises a kitchenette with a dining table , a living area with a sofa bed , and at least 1 bathroom with a shower .
the nearest airport is moscow domodedovo airport , 25 km from the property .
there is a lounge and terrace at guests ’ disposal .
the phelipe aerhotel is well connected to the rest of the region by the a3 motorway .
featuring a bath , private bathroom also comes with free toiletries and towels .
the studio with two sofa beds on the second floor will provide you with a tv and a terrace . there is a kitchenette with a microwave and an oven .
indochina 2 hotel is located in the heart of hanoi ’ s central business district .
it provides free private parking .
parking , wi - fi and bike rental are all completely free .
it offers free parking and free wifi , a heated swimming pool , and a sea - view rooftop terrace .
la maison hôte can also provide packed lunches on request .
featuring a deck with private pool and magnificent sea views , clifton views in cape town offers 4 bedrooms and bbq facilities .
its modern facilities include a swimming pool , sauna and free wi - fi .
parking on site is free for guests .
there is also a rowboat for free for guests to use .
the red rock canyon national conservation area is 23 - miles away .
a cable tv with hbo film channels is provided in each guest room at pacific inn and suites .
there is also a kitchen , equipped with an oven , microwave and toaster . a fridge and stovetop are also featured , as well as a coffee machine and a kettle .
for dinners , a seafood barbecue party can also be arranged after a long day of traveling and diving .
all rooms and studios at hotel avlakia are spacious and airy . each comes with a tv , mini fridge and kettle .
neta privatunterkunft provides self - catering accommodation in hanover , 1 . 3 km from the hanover trade fair and 2 km from the tui arena .
poreč ’ s historical centre is a 10 - minute walk away along the beach .
private outdoor parking is available free of charge .
just steps away from galveston beach , these apartments offer ocean views .
boasting recently remodeled facilities , hotel república offers free wi - fi and parking only 100 metres from plaza independencia . there is a restaurant that serves regional and international dishes .
a 2 - minute walk from glastonbury abbey , hawthorns hotel provides en suite rooms , with a bar , restaurant and beer garden .
decorated in minimalist colours , rooms at the casa e il mare hotel are elegant and modern .
with a dishwasher , the well - equipped kitchen also has an oven , fridge , microwave and cookware .
some have a balcony .
excursions can be booked at the tour desk .
just 25 minutes ' walk from the city centre or six minutes by car , and sitting directly in front of a bus stop , the jardines de uleta hotel has an unbeatable location .
on site , cooking training can be enjoyed at an extra cost .
suite fontana di trevi is 400 metres from via del corso high shopping street .
each apartment features a tv , air conditioning and a seating area .
located 300 metres from the city centre and commercial area , hotel libertador offers free wi - fi and breakfast in trelew .
set in an early 19th century building , they offer a furnished balcony and free wi - fi .
each unit is fully air - conditioned .
santiago de compostela train station is 550 metres away .
free private parking is possible on site .
fresh bread rolls can be delivered on request at the gasslihof .
all 4 bedrooms offer a double bed and modern , bright décor .
situated next to jinyin lake , eurasia convention international hotel features upscale accommodation with modern facilities and luxury design . it houses an indoor swimming pool , on - site sauna and massage service , a fitness centre and a business centre with numerous meeting rooms .
guests are welcome to use a beach wicker chair in summer .
there are several cafes and restaurants within a 5 - minute drive .
direct trains to london take only 15 minutes from richmond railway station , and hampton court can be reached in a 10 minutes by car .
free parking is provided .
free wifi is offered throughout the property .
featuring panoramic views of the sun rise over lombok strait , matahari restaurant provides a casual setting for seafood , balinese specialities , indonesian and international dishes .
located in bozcaada , risus otel has a terrace overlooking the sea and historic bozcaada castle .
there is a sun terrace where guests can relax .
the holiday house is decorated with warm tones and wooden furniture and floors .
it includes studios and apartments with free wi - fi and it is 1 km away from afandou golf couse .
hotel sercotel spa porta maris is set between postiguet beach and alicante marina , offers views of the mediterranean and free wi - fi .
kayaks , canoes , rowboats and pedal boats are available for hire at cottages du lac orford .
set in olginka , 48 km from lazarevskoye , guest house barabulka features air - conditioned rooms with free wifi throughout the property .
the curtea de arges train station is 21 km away , and shuttle transfer is possible .
offering an on - site restaurant , varalan urheiluopisto is located by lake pyhäjärvi in tampere .
the apartments are built from stone . they enjoy a superb view of the hills and coastline .
rooms include a plasma - screen tv and a wide choice of films and music .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
tulle train station is a 30 - minute drive away .
the mangalore airport is 138 km away .
it features air - conditioned rooms and a garden with gazebo and barbeque .
fitted with parquet floors and original wood - beamed ceilings , the apartment includes towels and bed linen .
at bonneblond you will find a garden , a terrace and a shared kitchen .
reception desk staff are available 24 / 7 .
the lofoten aquarium and the lofot museum are both a 5 - minute drive away .
tangier ibn battouta airport is located 52 km from the property .
a gift shop and a lift are also featured .
the large air - conditioned rooms all come with a flat - screen tv , fridge and private balcony .
towels and bed linen are available in this villa .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling and hiking .
you will find a shared kitchen at the property .
other facilities include a tour desk , bicycle rental and free wi - fi , which is available throughout the property .
you can play table tennis at the property , and the area is popular for skiing . you can engage in various activities , such as cycling , fishing and hiking .
aqaba king hussein international airport is a one hours ’ drive .
bad lauterberg train station lies 5 . 3 km from the apartments , and the a38 motorway is a 30 - minute drive .
guests at tre monti hotel have access to the property ' s private beach with sun loungers and umbrellas .
schottenring metro station , on the u2 and u4 line , is a 5 - minute walk away .
it offers luxurious accommodation with free wired internet . leisure options include an indoor pool , spa treatments and a fitness centre .
each room at the hotel am hehlentor has cable tv and a desk .
bed linen and towels are provided for free .
every unit is fitted with a private bathroom with a shower and free toiletries .
the apartments looks out onto both the sea and the river .
at ' t witte huis you will find a garden terrace and a shared kitchen .
meeting and conference facilities are available and there is also a business centre . babysitting services can be arranged and guests have access to an outdoor pool as well as 3 plunge pools .
minta apartments is located 20 km away from dalaman airport .
all units feature a kitchen equipped with a microwave and fridge . a stovetop and kettle are also offered .
over 20 , 000 blooming flora are on the property at caitlin gardens .
free private parking is available on site .
dali railway station is 14 km from the property .
salzburg is 5 km from laschensky dependance , while berchtesgaden is 16 km away .
kreisā impērija is located by the e22 european route in rīga , just a 10 - minute drive to the city centre .
situated on the main road in somerset west , the 3 - star somerset lodge is within a 15 - minute drive from the cape winelands and a 25 - minute drive from cape town international airport .
the unit equipped with a kitchen with an oven and microwave . a flat - screen tv is featured .
the on - site japanese restaurant is open for lunch and dinner .
bed linen is available .
la via del sole is 2 minutes ’ drive from vezzano ligure .
the rooms are air conditioned , fitted with a flat - screen tv and include a private bathroom .
a free newspaper is delivered to guest rooms every day .
a bulgarian - style tavern is available .
they provide a cosy living space for your stay in the mountains .
for your comfort , you will find free toiletries and a hair dryer .
free public parking can be found nearby .
the puri railway station is 1 km from the property , the puri bus station is 2 km while the biju patnaik international airport is 60 km away .
modern rooms at the meliá villa feature a flat - screen tv with sky channels , minibar and private bathroom .
mljet national park is at a distance of 28 km .
biopark fuengirola theme park is 1 . 2 km from apartamentos turísticos yamasol , and mijas golf club is 10 minutes ’ drive away .
laundry and luggage storage services are provided at the 24 - hour front desk .
breakfast , lunch and dinner are served at the in - house restaurant . basic groceries , gifts and textiles can be bought at the souvenir shop .
the apartments are located in the bavarian forest , at the foot of the great
the bright and airy rooms at hülya hotel are decorated with parquet floors , warm colours , and wooden furniture .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
the property is 2 . 3 km from katoomba scenic world and free private parking is available .
free on - site car and truck parking is provided .
featuring free wifi throughout the property , guest house russkaya eco banya offers pet - friendly accommodation in istra .
hôtel teranga is situated 50 metres away from juan - les - pins train station and only 200 metres from the sea .
free wifi access is available .
this property is 44 km from roanne and 36 km from marcigny .
right beside the campo smith cable car , hotel rivè features a fitness centre and luxury spa with sauna , turkish bath , and hot tub .
the apartment is conveniently placed 650 metres away from jungceylon shopping center and phuket ' s famous nightlife street , bangla road .
el sol avenue is 100 metres away .
you can enjoy lunch and dinner at the à la carte restaurant .
ferienwohnung köhler is 1 km from oker train station , and it is a 15 - minute drive to the a395 motorway .
hotel villa sonia is set above taormina .
situated along the shores of bulabog beach , palm breeze villa boutique resort offers elegant and comfortable accommodation with free wifi access in the entire property .
the property is 24 km from lac du bourget and 20 km from exit 14 of the a41 motorway .
there is also a kitchen , fitted with a dishwasher and fridge . a stovetop and coffee machine are also offered .
the kitchen is fitted with an oven .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out marari beach that is 25 km and the karunakaran musuem that is 30 km .
it features free wi - fi in reception and chill out areas .
the guest house also offers bike hire .
with free wifi and free parking , it comes with a shared garden .
located in franschhoek , apartment jourdan offers free bikes . this self - catering accommodation features free wifi . the property is 100 metres from franschhoek monument and 9 . 7 km from graham beck winery .
mini - hotel anasyp offers accommodation in sukhum .
each room here will provide you with a minibar , tv with cable channels , air conditioning and safety deposit box .
the restaurant is open daily for lunch and dinner , and specialises in regional cuisine and fish dishes .
located in ayios tykhonas , this air - conditioned apartment features a balcony with sea views .
free private parking is available on site .
each room will provide you with a desk . there is also a dining table .
the rooms at the gasthof metzgerei stöberl can all be accessed by lift and include a flat - screen tv .
you can also store your luggage at reception .
the three - bedroom accommodation is provided with cable - tv , a terrace and free wifi . the kitchen is fully equipped , including a dishwasher and a microwave .
bed and best is set on the third floor of a building on one of rome ' s most popular streets .
an array of activities are offered in the area , such as golfing , snorkeling and diving .
accommodation provides a tv with satellite channels , a cd - and a dvd player .
the accommodation has a seating area with a tv , a dining area and a fully equipped kitchenette with a microwave and a refrigerator .
ice conference centre is 1 . 7 km away .
guest rooms at the hampton inn tampico airport provide cable tv with pay - per - view movies and a dvd player .
the wimbledon tennis championships are only a 15 - minute walk away .
the nearest train stop is just a few steps away .
most rooms feature furniture from the interwar period .
the nearest airport is la rochelle - île de ré airport , 5 km from the property .
there is a garden , where guests can relax .
staff can also assist with laundry requests , vehicle rental and babysitting or butler service .
with air conditioning and cable tv , all the red sea ' s rooms include a private bathroom and minibar .
it also offers a range of massages and beauty treatments .
you will find a tour desk at the property .
la maisonnette is located 2 km outside montjovet and enjoys panoramic views of the alps .
the en suite bathroom comes with toiletries and a bathtub .
a flat - screen tv is featured .
located in pantai cenang , chenang purplish guest room d ' langkawi offers one - bedroom chalets with free wifi and free private parking .
the niva niwa lodge is a convenient rest stop for visitors who want to visit the tamang village which is just 3 km away to take part in the famous village walk .
an array of activities is offered in the area , such as golfing , snorkeling and windsurfing .
free wi - fi is available here .
the nearby subway stations offer easy access to the akihabara , ueno and asakusa areas .
featuring a hairdryer , the private bathroom also comes with towels and free toiletries .
the bar offers beverages , snacks and evening meals , and regularly hosts live entertainment .
set in kabardinka in the krasnodar krai region , 15 km from gelendzhik , vitaliya features a barbecue and children ' s playground .
the air - conditioned unit is 400 metres from kalamies beach .
free parking is available on site at the hotel .
there is also a sauna .
decorated with pastel colours , rooms are air conditioned and come with a private bathroom complete with shower and hairdryer .
set by the river teiro , the property still preserves the original mill and has a restaurant serving regional cuisine .
free boat parking and charging is available on - site .
the nearest airport is sultan abdul aziz shah airport , 18 km from the property .
with air conditioning , the rustic - style house comes with a sofa and an equipped kitchenette . the private bathroom includes a hairdryer and free toiletries .
free wifi is provided throughout the property .
it is 50 metres from bars and restaurants and 100 metres from a sandy beach .
offering a tv with satellite channels and a private bathroom , all rooms at the delfino are functionally furnished and have tiled floors , free toiletries and a hairdryer .
both verona and mantova can be reached by car in 35 minutes .
it is situated 15 km from the city of saint - malo and 20 km from dinard .
free wi - fi is included .
they also include a safety deposit box and a minibar .
agrinio is 40 km from 2 alonia , while thermo is 42 km from the property .
hampton inn lebanon features an outdoor pool and a fitness center .
each has a tv or flat - screen tv , air conditioning and private bathroom with hairdryer .
only 300 metres from blue mosque and hagia sophia , istiklal apart hotel features free wi - fi and air conditioning in all the rooms .
the days inn lake city i - 75 motel provides free on - site parking and a free daily newspaper . a 24 - hour front desk is available for guests ' convenience .
dooleys motel is a 10 - minute drive from home of the virgin rock and a 45 - minute drive from emerald .
miami international airport is 20 minutes ’ drive away .
guided city tours can also be booked at reception .
situated along the coastline of non nuoc beach , melia danang is just a 15 - minute drive from da nang international airport .
perugia san francesco d ' assisi airport is 55 km away .
free private parking is possible on site .
the rooms have parquet flooring and free lan access .
set in plaza catalunya , by catalunya train station , atico plaza catalunya is located in the heart of barcelona .
the accommodation is 350 metres from entença metro station , and free wi - fi is provided .
meeting facilities are also available .
spacious parking is available and can accommodate boats , jet skis and snowmobiles .
at the grace hotel you will find a 24 - hour front desk , a garden and a terrace .
free private parking is available at rental house airport vip .
a flat - screen cable tv with satellite channels is featured in each room at the moose jaw ramada .
set in its garden featuring a swimming pool , it offers free private parking , and a sweet breakfast daily .
some units offer views of the trencin castle .
apartments at cabañas patagonia camelot are fitted with a fully - equipped kitchen and a living room with a cosy fireplace .
guests can relax in the pool area with views of the trees and the sea .
papaya villa mk003 boasts an outdoor pool , perfect for taking in the florida sun .
each offers satellite flat - screen tv and an equipped kitchenette .
providing views of the city , all rooms come with shared bathroom facilities .
bicycle rental is also available .
boasting a restaurant and bar with 30th floor views and 5 total dining choices , grand court nagoya is a 1 - minute walk from kanayama station .
they come equipped with a closet , work desk , and telephone .
the living room has a double sofa bed , satellite - tv and air - conditioning . a double bedroom with air - conditioning and another double bedroom .
set close to woods and surrounded by the greenery , agriturismo la sorgente offers rustic - style rooms and a restaurant using home - grown produce .
milas - bodrum airport is 40 km away .
palanga international airport is 5 km away .
the apartments feature a tv and a fully equipped kitchen .
these apartments are perfect for booking a stay with family or friends , giving you total independence .
some can accommodate up to 5 people .
with a peaceful location in oleggio - malpensa , the ramada is near some of europe ' s most popular golf clubs .
guests also enjoy free wifi access in all areas .
guests can relax in the garden , complete with outdoor furniture .
the kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher and an oven , as well as a coffee machine .
ferries take guests from the guest house to the picturesque vaxholm town centre in 5 minutes .
towels and bed linen are available in this self - catering accommodation .
an oven and a microwave can be found in the kitchen .
plenty of shops and restaurants can be found in the immediate area , while a 20 - minute walk takes you to the jaffa gate entrance of the old city .
some units have a seating area to relax in after a busy day .
bathrooms come with a bath or a shower .
holiday home nørtvedvej strandby iv is located in strandby and can accommodate up to twelve persons .
sheremetyevo international airport is 25 km away .
the rustic restaurant serves traditional specialities , including vegan and game dishes throughout the day .
during warm weather , take a seat on the terrace .
gartenhotel & weingut pfeffel dürnstein offers free parking ( also in a garage ) and free internet access .
centre of kopaonik national park 2 km away .
each apartment consists of a separate double bedroom , living room with a sofa bed for 2 people , and a private bathroom with a shower and toilet .
the cowboys stadium , home to the dallas cowboys football team , is 20 miles away .
this hotel is situated just off the a2 motorway , a 15 - minute drive from central hanover and the hanover exhibition centre .
featuring contemporary décor and furnishing , each air - conditioned room comes equipped with a flat - screen tv and a minibar .
free public parking is possible on - site .
clermont - ferrand auvergne airport is 27 km away .
the a59 motorway is just 5 minutes away .
recreational choices include swimming in the outdoor pool or indulging in a body massage .
each room here will provide guests with a cable led tv , air conditioning and a minibar .
rooms at marsham arms inn are furnished in a traditional style , and come with a bathroom and free toiletries .
tours to the cat project for interaction with tame cheetahs can be arranged .
they overlook the surrounding natural landscape .
guests can taste local specialities and typical italian dishes at the cafes and restaurants in the immediate surroundings .
paphos city is 10 km away .
the property offers free parking and is located 100 metres from paraiso beach and market . the antofagasta dock is a 1 - minute walk away .
each apartment has a seating area with a tv and radio .
with an equipped patio , this three - bedroom apartment is equipped with an ipod dock , flat - screen tv and a kitchen with oven , dishwasher and coffee machine . the private bathroom comes with a bath or shower and bidet .
offering indoor pool , holiday home tunvej ebeltoft x is located in ebeltoft .
the property offers free parking .
the hotel has a year - round outdoor pool and views of the garden , and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant or a drink at the bar .
chiado is 150 metres away while rossio is 600 metres from the unit .
a toaster and kettle are also offered .
hiking and mountain biking trails start right on the doorstep .
elapart is located in the centre of elbląg ’ s old town and only 70 metres from the gothic st . nicholas cathedral .
the on - site restaurant serves typical regional cuisine .
nattermann ' s restaurant & gästehaus is only 6 kilometres from the nearest motorway exit , yet enjoys a peaceful setting between the romantic rhein and the green westerwald forest .
situated within a 15 - minute walk from the historic centre of cesky krumlov , penzion laura offers a hot tub , barbecue facilities , a lounge area , and elegant accommodation with a minibar , safe and satellite tv .
car hire is available at the property and the area is popular for golfing .
only 15 minutes ' drive from margate , and a 20 - minute drive from canterbury .
each room here will provide you with air conditioning and flat - screen tv with cable channels .
featuring an outdoor pool , fitness centre and restaurant , cal menut offers a terrace with view . the property is located in belianes , 7 km from the monastery of ruta del cister .
the bathroom comes with free toiletries .
novorossiysk is 40 km from livadiya guest house , while vityazevo is 11 km from the property .
hôtel koutoubia is located in the heart of the medina of chefchaouen and features a traditional moroccan design .
belorussky train station is 9 km away , and sheremetyevo international airport is a 35 - minute express train ride from this station .
there is a green garden , perfect for afternoon relaxation .
a tv and dvd player are provided .
this hotel sits directly on maguariqueçaba beach within ilha grande ’ s tropical surroundings .
there is a municipal swimming pool 400 metres from the complex , and fontanals de cerdanya golf club is 14 km away .
free private parking is possible on site .
the elegant apartments will provide guests with air conditioning and a seating area . there is a full kitchenette with a dishwasher and an oven .
breakfast is provided every morning and includes sweet items .
some units have sea view , whereas some feature mountain view .
free use of bicycles and bike hire are available at this homestay and the area is popular for horse riding .
the private bathroom offers a spa bath , hairdryer and free toiletries .
an en suite bathroom offers free toiletries for added convenience .
featuring free wifi and air conditioning , flowers apartment is situated in golem . tirana is 27 km away .
other attractions , including mae sa waterfall and a monkey school , are a short drive away .
it also offers an outdoor swimming pool .
this victorian building offers free wi - fi access in all areas and has free parking on site .
kites view is located only 5 km from gateway shopping centre and the mount edgecomb golf course .
each air - conditioned or fan - cooled room at this accommodation features a tv , a telephone and a wardrobe .
paid parking is also possible at 200 metres .
featuring crafted ceilings and 1960 ’ s frescoes , the rooms at house sao bento are equipped with desks .
you can enjoy a garden view from the room .
guests can enjoy the garden with sun loungers , and it is possible to buy discounted ski passes on site .
built in a traditional architectural style , the complex offers free parking .
all rooms feature a work space and free internet .
the hotel alpenhof is ideal for sports activities in the chiemgau alps .
fitted with a shower , private bathrooms include a hairdryer and free toiletries .
guests can relax in a living room with a flat - screen tv or on a terrace .
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower .
beja is 22 km from ranch do novo mundo , while monsaraz is 50 km away .
there is an additional bathroom .
all rooms are fitted with a private bathroom equipped with a bath .
st . peter ' s church is 1 . 7 km from traditional dalmatian house tina , while trogir green market is 1 . 8 km away .
the modern refurbishment has made the most of the wonderful views on offer with spacious terraces and large windows overlooking the countryside and city of antequera .
thessaloniki airport is at a distance of 110 km .
towels and bed linen are available .
the elegant rooms here will provide you with a flat - screen satellite tv , a minibar and a seating area .
offering free private parking , it has a garden , a shared terrace , and rooms with air conditioning .
spice garden , allan park . ( indian ).
select rooms feature a balcony or patio .
breakfast is served by the fireplace in the property ’ s breton farmhouse and includes homemade crepes , jam and apple juice prepared with products from the kitchen garden .
at apartment casa alpina you will find a garden .
a bakery and a supermarket can be found just a 2 - minute walk from this family - run guest house .
the holiday home fjordparken hadsund vi is located in hadsund , and can accommodate up to 8 persons .
a green - tea maker , slippers and a fridge are provided .
each spacious room has a tv , tea and coffee making facilities and an en suite bathroom .
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings , including golfing , cycling and fishing .
spencer museum of art is 1 . 5 miles from the motel .
guests can also relax in a separate tv lounge and a continental breakfast is on offer each morning , with views over the sea and garden .
you will find a hairdresser ' s at the property .
canal apartments are 15 minutes ’ walk from the rijksmuseum in the museum quarter .
this eco - friendly hotel recycles and uses solar power .
all apartments come with a terrace and satellite tv , as well as an equipped kitchen with a dining area .
danae apartments staff are available 24 hours a day , and can assist you with luggage storage .
flora hotel suites provides a 24 - hour front desk , luggage storage and a safety deposit box .
located directly in the euronova business park , it is 5 km from central cologne .
guests can start their day with a greek breakfast served buffet - style , including fruit pies , local pastries and fresh eggs .
featuring free wifi and air conditioning , kakos is set in saratov , 200 metres from museum - estate of chernyshevsky . lipki park is 600 metres from the property .
each one has a private bathroom , and most also have a balcony .
located in lanciano , l ' attico nel borgo overlooks the surrounding tuscan countryside .
landgasthof am park is quietly situated in crottendorf .
each offers complimentary tea and coffee making facilities .
free transfers from the zermatt train station are offered .
guests can enjoy yoga sessions by the beach or request to watch a cultural show .
a terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms .
regis bangkok is about 1 km from siam paragon and central world plaza . it is 2 km from jim thompson ' s museum and a 35 - minute drive from suvarnabhumi airport .
the bed and breakfast offers free wifi access .
krabi airport is a 30 - minute drive away .
a free continental breakfast is served daily .
activities in the surrounding area include cycling , horse riding , and fishing .
offering shower facility , en suite bathroom also has hairdryer and free toiletries .
the surrounding is ideal for hiking and cycling .
the beach is 60 metres away .
you can enjoy garden view .
free private parking is provided .
nha trang airport is 85 km away .
the outdoor seasonal swimming pool is open during the summer months .
for convenience , the hotel also offers a 24 - hour business centre , meeting facilities and laundry services .
at windhaven hotel you will find a 24 - hour front desk , a garden and a terrace .
bay view is a short walk from local taverns , bars and a mini market .
also there are a lot of various cafes and restaurants within 5 minutes ’ walk from kuptsov dom .
apartments at la ferula come with a flat - screen tv , kitchen and dining area .
talamanca beach is just 5 minutes ́ drive , and the centre of ibiza town and nightlife are 10 minutes by car .
some include a kitchenette .
free parking is offered on site .
the private bathroom includes a shower .
there is also an à la carte restaurant .
a restaurant is 1 km away and guests can reach the closest supermarket within 5 minutes by car .
soak up the sun while reading a book on the terrace .
guests can maintain their daily workout at the fitness centre .
schiphol airport is 11 km from the property .
those wishing to lie - in will appreciate our open - end breakfast .
guests can find a wide range of local dishes around .
guests are offered to enjoy various evening entertainment programmes , including children ' s animation .
kitchens include a microwave and an oven .
you can engage in various activities , such as skiing , horse riding and cycling .
room service is available for limited number of hours .
comfortable rooms with tasteful décor are offered just 8 blocks from cuenca ’ s cathedral . wi - fi is free and the bus station is 3 blocks from the hotel .
fresh produce from the villa ’ s farm are used to prepare the dishes .
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower .
spacious , elegant rooms with free wi - fi and city views are offered here .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out the famous v & a waterfront , which is located a 5 - minute drive from the apartment .
if you feel like exploring the area , you can hike through mountains and the fjords .
each also has a kitchenette equipped with a refrigerator , microwave , toaster and electric kettle .
located in san felice circeo , this air - conditioned apartment features a sun terrace .
fitted with tiled floors , the simply decorated rooms of antinoos have a fridge .
free wi - fi and free parking are available .
apartment miuda is self - catering accommodation in a central yet quiet area .
villa backpackers lodge picton is located in the heart of picton , just 100 metres from picton train station and 200 metres from ecoworld aquarium .
rooms and suites at guest house au coin de la rue feature an earth tone décor and wooden floors .
lukhovitsy is 23 km away .
offering free wifi , apartments deutz is a self - catering accommodation located in cologne .
guests have access to the greenbank health & leisure club , with contemporary facilities , including a fully - equipped gym , impressive 20 metre pool , hot tub , sauna and steam room .
the bus terminal is 300 metres from the property .
moskovsky train station is within a 5 - minute drive of apartment na rubinshteyna 21 and pulkovo international airport is 17 . 5 km away .
hôtel le donjon offers soundproofed rooms for up to 6 people .
free private parking is available on site .
at hotel majorelle guests will find a 24 - hour front desk and a terrace .
the well - equipped kitchen has a dishwasher and a washing machine is available , as well .
the inn also offers car hire .
hiking and cycling can be enjoyed in the surroundings .
activities in the surrounding area include skiing or you can take a walk through the forest . you can play a game of billiards at the property .
luis munoz marin international airport can be reached in about 1 hour by car .
the property is 2 . 3 km from habaneras torrevieja shopping centre and free private parking is provided . free wifi is offered throughout the property .
some units feature a private bathroom with a spa bath , while others have free toiletries and a hair dryer .
surrounded by the alps , hotel baita sagron mis offers free wi - fi throughout . guests have free access to the spa , wellness centre , hot tub and sauna .
galeao international airport is located 23 km away .
guests enjoy free on - site parking , access to bbq facilities and a guest lounge with satellite tv .
a sound loop is also provided for the hard of hearing .
there is a grocery shop located 300 metres from the property .
russian specialities , european meals and live music can be enjoyed in the gagliarda restaurant .
set 700 metres from montecatini c train station , hotel splendid offers a restaurant , bar and classic - style accommodation with air conditioning .
at hotel posada san rafael you will find a 24 - hour front desk offering luggage storage and laundry facilities .
equipped with a shower , private bathroom includes free toiletries .
the bistro is also on site and offers breakfast and dinner .
waikīkī shell is 300 metres from tower 1 suite 2506 at waikiki , while kuhio beach torch lighting & hula ceremony is 600 metres from the property .
relax surrounded by cities of art and heritage like urbino , san leo and the republic of san marino .
hotel u michalika has a 24 - hour front desk service and free private parking .
crowley , louisiana is 7 miles from the hotel .
guests can attend an event at the jobing . com arena or watch a race at the phoenix international raceway .
every morning guests can enjoy a sweet breakfast .
praça do comércio is a 10 - minute walk away through the quaint cobbled streets , dotted with typical restaurants and bars .
the property has free wifi throughout the property .
the main bus station and ferry port are located 3 km away . dubrovnik airport is at a distance of 20 km .
each room here is built around a private garden and will provide you with a cable tv , air conditioning and a patio .
guests will also be 9 minutes ’ drive from the seabee museum .
you will find free shuttle service at the property .
an outdoor pool , sauna and a turkish bath are available .
pokoje gościnne bartek features a green garden with a playground for children , a barbecue area and a smokehouse .
the property houses a restaurant where guests can enjoy a selection of local and western dishes .
the reception staff provide competent assistance around the clock .
free public parking is available near the hotel and vieille chapelle bus stop is directly opposite the property .
overlooking the caribbean sea , the award - winning camelot restaurant serves a local and international menu .
free wifi is provided throughout the property .
the a46 motorway is 30 km from the farmstay and heggen train station is situated 17 km away .
the super 8 olive branch is located off interstate 78 and is less than 30 minutes ’ drive from graceland .
a barbecue can be set up in the courtyard .
located just 2 miles from texas a & m university , this college station motel features an outdoor pool and deck .
cross - country skiing is possible as trails start within 5 km of the property .
this hotel is located on nassau ’ s paradise island , next to paradise island golf course in front of the marina .
rustaveli theatre is 1 . 3 km from apartment in old tbilisi , while tbilisi opera and ballet theatre is 1 . 5 km away .
you can enjoy a mountain view from the room .
the well - equipped kitchen comes with a dishwasher , oven , hob and electric kettle , as well as a small dining table .
there is a seating area and a kitchen complete with an oven , a fridge and a stovetop .
with elegants shops and cafés , nişantasi district is 2 . 5 km away . zorlu mall is 6 . 5 km and kanyon mall is 6 . 7 km from the property .
elne train station is 9 km away , perpignan train station is 21 km away and perpignan airport is 26 km away .
this air - conditioned apartment has 3 double bedrooms , 1 twin bedroom , and 2 bathrooms with free toiletries .
shops and restaurants are within 500 m .
the hotel has a sun terrace and views of the city , and guests can enjoy a drink at the bar .
the obelisk is 1 . 2 km away .
it offers free wi - fi and an airport shuttle service .
the rooms have a flat - screen tv .
located on guadeloupe ’ s beautiful caribbean coast in le gosier , this resort offers an outdoor swimming pool and a children ́ s paddling pool , on - site activities and entertainment . it features free wi - fi throughout .
the restaurant serves swabian cuisine made from local , organic ingredients .
munich international airport is 122 km from the property .
the property offers free parking .
free private parking is available on site .
located in bük , a 2 - minute drive from bükfürdő health and adventure centre , csilla haus offers a garden with a terrace , and free on - site parking .
towels , linen and free toiletries are provided , as well .
all of the rooms at the hotel luisenstuben have a modern bathroom and a conservatory or terrace .
the on - site bar offers a selection of refreshing drinks and snacks .
a private bathroom provides a shower with available towels .
this holiday home is 18 km from aarhus airport .
riccione is a 15 - minute drive away .
every room at this hotel is air conditioned and has a flat - screen tv . the rooms are fitted with a private bathroom . extras include bath robes , slippers and free toiletries .
with a balcony , the apartment comes with a seating area with a sofa , flat - screen tv and dvd player .
traditionally decorated , the rooms at la cure du maine charlesall have a garden view .
located in fiumicino , andrea features self - catering accommodation with a modern décor and a private garden . the closest beach is 400 metres away .
satellite tv and a dvd player are also included .
certain rooms include a seating area where you can relax .
a tv is featured .
the rooms have colourful details , and are provided with an en suite bathroom featuring a shower and free toiletries .
guests looking to explore the area can zipline through ocean ranch park ( 6 . 3 km ) or watch the waves at jaco beach ( 7 . 6 km ).
club village old captain is a country residence in an idyllic and cosy atmosphere , just 10 minutes outside the bustling centre of riga .
there is a full kitchen with an oven and a refrigerator .
it offers 24 - hour reception and modern , air - conditioned rooms with a satellite tv and free safe .
yekaterinburg train station is 5 km away , and koltsovo airport is 15 km from the property .
free wifi is featured .
the rio marinas apartment complex is situated overlooking the beach and only one kilometre from the lovely seaside town of nerja , in the andalusia region .
the rooms offer scenic views of the river .
on the first floor are 1 twin bedroom and 1 double bedroom ; and there are 3 bathrooms in total .
bathrooms are either private or shared .
some have a seating area , an en - suite bathroom and a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
offering an outdoor pool , villa marta is located in augustów . free wifi access is available in this homestay .
hotel holiday is conveniently located in the heart of kota kinabalu , within walking distance of large shopping malls and fresh market .
you will find room service at the property .
haseki eğitim ve araştırma hastanesi is 3 . 5 km from 16 : 9 onalti dokuz , while bakırkoy psychiatric hospital is 4 . 3 km away .
it serves a daily continental breakfast .
mieszkania przy plaży miejskiej also includes a terrace .
guests can also dine and enjoy drinks on the beach .
the property has a ski storage room with boot drying facilities , a garden with deck chairs , a children ’ s playground and a children ’ s play room .
the parkhotel landau welcomes you to enjoy its quiet rooms with modern furnishings .
the private bathroom comes with a shower and a hairdryer .
the resort offers free wi - fi and free private parking .
room service is available as well .
the atta market and gip mall are a 10 - minute walk .
most have carpeted floors .
it has also 12 sport courts , including soccer , tennis and sand volleyball .
guests can reach the beach in just a 3 - minute walk , while marina vallarta golf club is a 5 - minute drive away .
all rooms come with air conditioning facilities .
each room comes with a flat - screen tv , a refrigerator , a balcony overlooking the river , and a private bathroom .
in a scenic countryside location in bad gams , weststeirischer hof is 20 km from the therme nova thermal spa and 25 km from graz .
featuring a spacious patio that opens up to the pool , villa clochette offers laundry , ironing and car rental services at an additional charge .
all apartments at hara are air conditioned and have a kitchenette with a mini oven , small fridge and dining table .
it features rooms with a balcony overlooking the dolomites , a restaurant , a terrace , and a minigolf course .
eliton hotel is located in the village of loutraki and features spa facilities and a well - equipped fitness room .
featuring free wifi throughout the property , hostel tango offers accommodation in astrakhan .
platja d ' en repic beach is 6 . 5 km away and cúber lake is a 30 - minute drive away .
these apartments are located in a building with a lift and offer free wifi and a washer / dryer .
it is a 10 - minute walk to pasar seni gili trawangan , where a food court is located .
with beautiful views of the sea , the property offers two types of rooms , dorms which have a shared bathroom with a shower and private bedrooms with a bathroom and a shower .
fan - cooled rooms come fitted with a comfortable sofa , satellite tv and safety deposit box .
located 5 minutes ’ drive from the harbour , hotel le corail is located in port louis . the st . francois stadium is 200 metres away .
the beach is approximately 5km away .
alicante airport is located 69 km away .
bathrobe and slippers are also provided .
guests can take a shower in the private bathroom .
the air - conditioned guest rooms are equipped with a fridge , tea / coffee making facilities and a flat - screen tv with cable channels . the en suite bathroom comes with shower and a hairdryer .
meals from partner restaurants can be delivered to your apartment .
the local ski and hiking bus stops right outside .
situated in limassol , mesogios iris apartment is an apartment boasting an outdoor pool . the apartment is 6 . 3 km from castle of limassol .
situated just a few minutes ’ walk from dago golf courses , rumah kiboku features simple guest rooms , free lobby wi - fi and a backyard terrace with a wide nature view .
picturesque baltic sea beaches are just a 7 - minute walk away from this charming hotel in kühlungsborn .
there is also a kitchen , equipped with a dishwasher and oven . a microwave , a toaster and fridge are also offered , as well as a kettle .
there is a full a kitchenette with a dishwasher and a microwave , as well as a bathroom with a shower , a hairdryer and bathrobes .
there is ticket service at the property . self - service provides video conferencing , telephone reception service instead of on - site reception service for guests ' convenience .
alternatively , there are a japanese restaurant and a café on the ground floor of the hotel building .
it is 7 km from naggar castle and 40 km from manikaran .
the millstätter lake is 30 km away .
entertainment is organised during july and august .
breakfast is included in the rate and served each morning in the dining room .
the accommodation will provide you with a living room , a tv , cd player , an hi - fi system and a terrace . there is a fully equipped kitchen with a refrigerator , a coffee machine , a washing machine , a cooker hood and a microwave .
certain rooms include a seating area where you can relax .
you can enjoy special rates at a nearby restaurant , where you can sample some typical sardinian dishes .
provence airport , marseille is located 86 km from the property .
free wifi is provided throughout the property .
for convenience , 24 - hour security , dry cleaning and laundry services are provided .
with easy access to the m1 highway , 4living guesthouse offers a manicured garden with outdoor pool .
each is air - conditioned and equipped with a flat - screen satellite tv and a private bathroom .
they have a warm touch of colour and tiled floors .
it features air - conditioned rooms and a 24 - hour reception .
guests can relax in a shared lounge , rest on a terrace or walk in a garden .
a tv is offered .
excellent cuisine is served at the restaurant which seats up to 850 people .
ecuatreasures is located in a quiet and safe residential area north of quito , a 20 - minute drive from the middle of the world city and just 5 minutes ' drive from the condado shopping centre .
with an ideal location inside the walls of the historic city of évora , albergaria do calvário is a 4 - star hotel housed in a 16th century olive oil mill .
alternatively , room service options are available on - site .
hotel piccolo paradiso is 12 km from salò .
air - conditioned rooms come with a flat - screen tv cable channels . there is also an electric kettle .
the kitchen features a microwave .
the talblick ’ s spa includes saunas , a solarium and a gym .
hostal mar del plata is set 200 metres from s ’ arenal beach and about 5 minutes ’ walk from the lively calle del jamón street .
free wifi is available throughout the property .
it features free private parking space and a terrace with barbecue facilities .
located in old city centre , sofitel suzhou incorporates xuanmiao shopping plaza and is a 1 - hour train ride from shanghai .
the hotel is a 45 - minute drive from phuket international airport .
palma de mallorca is 30 minutes ’ drive and the airport is 60 km from the property .
mossman gorge is a 25 - minute drive away .
you can play billiards at the hotel .
each room here will provide you with a tv and a private bathroom with a shower and a hairdryer .
there are several shopping options within a stroll of the hotel .
all cave - style rooms include traditional features such as arched ceilings .
other facilities offered at the property include grocery deliveries , daily housekeeping and a shared lounge . the property offers free parking .
guests can sunbathe by the poolside terrace or enjoy a relaxing bath in the en suite bathroom .
canakkale ferry port is 500 metres and canakkale museum is 1 . 9 km from the property .
children can romp around on the on - site playground and you can also store your ski equipment and your bicycles in a room at the guest house .
the apartments feature a living area with flat - screen tv and kitchenette .
all renovated apartments at the apartments babe1 are quietly located across novalja .
the private bathroom has a bathtub and a shower .
some units include a dining area and / or patio . some units also have a kitchenette , equipped with a microwave and fridge .
hotel nieuw slotania has a 24 - hour reception , offering safes , free maps and luggage storage .
the nearest airport is warsaw chopin airport , 8 km from the property .
situated 1 . 9 km from larnaca salt lake in larnaka , this apartment features free wifi .
the hotel also has a restaurant that is open for lunch and dinner .
stafylos beach is at 4 km .
some units include a seating area where you can relax .
located 100 metres from the beach and 6 km from agonda beach in canacona , club palolem resort features free wifi access and free private parking .
free private parking is available on site .
you can play tennis at the property , and the area is popular for hiking .
offering free wifi and a barbecue , appartamento turicchi is located in sandetole , 25 km from florence .
the sea and the lively dioskur enbankment are within an 8 - minute walk of the property .
rinan ' s holiday home offers pet - friendly accommodation in baga .
the staff can assist with chargeable airport transfer and free scheduled shuttle service to central ubud .
szeged train station is located 2 km from the central apartman .
popular activities in the area include hiking and fishing .
bali denpasar international airport is about 6 km away .
the nearest beach is 2 km away .
guests staying in twin and double rooms have a private kitchenette in their room .
free wi - fi is provided in each room at ashton guest house , as well as an en suite bathroom , flat - screen tv and tea / coffee making facilities .
access to the beach , an outdoor pool , and free wifi are provided .
wi - fi is available for free .
free wi - fi is included .
all guests receive a tourist card for free guided hikes and free entry to many local attractions .
chroma suites disposes elegantly decorated suites offering panoramic views of the aegean sea and the volcano .
you will find a tv and a kettle in each room .
it offers free wi - fi , an on - site restaurant and fresh rooms with cable tv and a minibar .
tarragona city is 20 minutes ’ drive .
this lakewood hotel is off route 70 and within a 15 - minute drive of point pleasant beach .
the private bathroom is complete with a shower .
the borgo metro stop is just 5 minutes ' walk away .
guests can relax in the garden , on the terrace or in the quaint barrel sauna .
central park is a 30 - minute walk from the property .
located only 400 metres from sapanca lake , sau kirkpinar uygulama hotel offers 24 - hour front desk service and rooms with free wi - fi .
it is a 30 - minute drive from samui international airport .
the meiliya monfort can organise hiking and cycling tours around the nahal kziv nature reserve .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with a bath and a bath or shower .
massage treatments and car rental can be arranged upon request .
the property offers free parking .
the rooms and suites here will provide you with air conditioning , private patio , and a fridge . casa del sol bed and breakfast extras include an en suite with a shower .
featuring wooden furniture and a rustic style , holiday homes at posada barlovento are equipped with flat - screen tvs , dvd players and some kitchen facilities including an oven and a refrigerator .
porto international airport is 61 km away and an airport shuttle is available upon request .
interstate 75 is 5 minutes ' drive from the warner robins property .
the restaurant offers typical dishes prepared with fresh and top quality products .
a balcony is available in each unit .
complimentary parking is available .
bathing amenities include slippers and free toiletries , along with a hairdryer .
within a short walking distance , you will find several restaurants and cafeterias .
the econo motel goelzer offers a large and comfortable lounge with an internet terminal , telephone and a children ’ s terminal , and drinks are available to buy .
free wifi is available throughout and free private parking is provided .
guests are spoilt for choice with distinctive and creative dining and entertainment options that set the hotel apart as destination in itself .
the rooms ’ marble bathrooms offer luxury toiletries .
all air - conditioned rooms feature tea and coffee making facilities and free towels and linen . they offer free toiletries and fluffy bathrobes .
each restaurant offers special menus and live music .
the apartment features a large living room with 2 sofa beds and a flat - screen tv ; while the modern kitchen includes an oven , a dishwasher and kitchenware .
citilet 4 & 5 is 600 metres from cannes train station and 23 . 4 km from nice côte d ' azur airport .
you can shop for groceries in the immediate vicinity of all the apartments .
trevelyan court is located in windsor . free wifi access is available .
the demänovská ice cave is 5 . 5 km from guest house maxim . the bešeňová thermal baths are 15 km away .
all rooms have a private bathroom with a shower .
the well - equipped gym at flora grand hotel includes a steam bath and sauna facilities , an exercise studio and a temperature controlled swimming pool .
the resort is set among rice fields and features an outdoor pool , a restaurant and on site spa facilities .
day starts with a breakfast at asa club holiday resort .
guests can visit the bear reserve , 5 km away , or peles castle , 40 km from the guest house . rasnov train station is 2 km away .
the bathroom comes with a shower and toilet .
old town features restaurants , bars , museums and galleries .
some units also feature a balcony .
it features a complimentary light fare breakfast delivered to the rooms daily .
the ilfov river flows right next to the property .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
for recreation , karmina palace has tennis courts , beach volley ball , as well as a fitness center . water sports are also offered .
it is a 9 - minute metro ride to gare de l ’ est and 10 minutes to gare du nord .
nestled within lush tropical gardens , thanh kim nga resort offers basic and tranquil accommodation with free wi - fi access in the entire property . complimentary parking space is provided for guests who drive .
the arivax apartment offers free wi - fi , a balcony and a fully equipped kitchen with a washing machine .
set in the heart of tivat in the bay of kotor , villa nena appartments is located only 20 metres away from the adriatic sea .
guests can enjoy a variety of constantia valley wines at the property .
barin apartment offers self - catering accommodation located in bucharest , 300 metres from romanian athenaeum and 300 metres from national museum of art .
apartment agmashenebeli is a self - catering accommodation located in tbilisi .
offering an outdoor pool and views of the pool , umah di seminyak is situated in seminyak , 100 metres from petitenget temple . free wifi is offered and free private parking is available on site .
the private bathroom comes with bath and shower facilities .
each room here will provide you with cable and satellite tv and air conditioning .
gila county historical museum is 3 minutes ’ walk from this motel .
free wifi is offered .
meeting and banquet facilities are available upon request .
the pitti palace is 400 metres from the property .
au bord du monde is a 30 - minute drive from the historical city of bourges and its cathedral .
other facilities offered include a laundry and a vending machine . the property offers free parking .
the cosy stüvetta is an inviting place to relax .
this holiday home is 60 km from berlin tegel airport .
set beside the naviglio pavese in milan ' s navigli district , navigli apartment torricelli offers minimal - style décor and free wifi access .
the nearest airport is srinagar airport , 13 km from boat house robinhood .
set on 13 hectares overlooking the murray river , tindarra resort features a tennis court , hot tub and outdoor pool with waterfall .
located in antalya , apartment comford residence offers an outdoor pool and a private beach area .
au vin chambré features an outdoor swimming pool and a solarium .
services like dry cleaning and laundry are provided .
each is equipped with a tv , a fridge and a telephone .
guests staying at the landhaus lauble can enjoy activities including fishing , hiking , and cycling .
a variety of cafés and restaurants can be found within a 5 - minute walk of each apartment .
at hotel tulip guests will find a 24 - hour front desk , a bar and massage facilities .
offering free wifi , studio terra amata is a self - catering accommodation located in nice . the property is a 5 - minute walk from the port and and 1 km from nice ’ s old town .
staff can help arrange fishing , canoeing and skiing activities .
all have access to shared bathroom and kitchen facilities , as well as a tv lounge .
alongside this emblematic palace you will find the facilities and services of a hotel of this star rating , stylish rooms with stunning views , and a chic restaurant .
with a 24 - hour front desk , staff can assist with currency exchange and ticketing services .
guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant .
an individual gas barbecue can be rented on site .
all rooms at the książęcy feature simple , romantic design and satellite tv . a bathroom with a shower is provided in every unit .
free wifi access is available in public areas .
it features a plunge pool and rooms with views of the indian ocean .
s ' era vella is set in a traditional mallorcan building , surrounded by a large garden and the hills around .
dalewood holiday homes are set in picturesque countryside , just metres from the shores of bantry bay .
rooms are surrounded by garden landscape and are equipped with heating facilities , a private bathroom with hot shower and a bath tub .
thimphu city is 8 km .
less than 5 km away are the free state stadium and loch logan waterfront centre , the largest shopping centre in central africa .
each air - conditioned room at this property provides a flat - screen cable tv , an electric kettle and a refrigerator . featuring a shower , the private bathroom also has free toiletries .
the property ’ s restaurant specialises in regional cuisine .
bühl train station is 7 km away , and there is a bus stop directly in front of the guest house . strasbourg international airport just 70 km away from the property and stuttgart airport is 73 km away .
they come with lcd satellite tv , air conditioning and safety deposit box .
free wifi access is available .
set directly at the shore of lake geneva in the village of rolle , the bed & breakfast le courtil is surrounded by a lush park area and features quiet rooms with lake or garden views and free wifi .
the rooms in sol inka feature private bathrooms .
free wi - fi access is provided and each room has a private bathroom .
villa florence ’ s rooms are styled in contemporary italian décor and warm colors .
at hotel casita española you will find a garden .
meals are served directly in the apartments .
private bathrooms also come with a shower .
free rv / truck parking is provided as well .
a tv is provided .
the munich airport marriott is just a 25 - minute drive from the allianz arena , and a 35 - minute drive from munich city centre and the neue messe ( new exhibition centre ).
breakfast at il giardino hotel is buffet style and includes a variety of sweet and savoury products .
it is 5 km to both the gagelbestand forest and the trerichsweiher lake .
at b & b flamingo - utrecht you will also find a terrace .
free wifi is provided throughout the property .
the property is only 3 km to the gold souk . dubai international airport is 13 km from hues boutique hotel .
just a 10 - minute walk from dobbiaco centre , hotel union is 400 metres from dobbiaco station and campo di rienza ski run .
specialising in mediterranean cuisine , the doney restaurant provides a chic indoor setting along via veneto .
columbia gorge discovery center is 5 miles away .
all have air conditioning or a fan , heating and satellite tv .
dolphinarium is 500 metres from hotel riva , while batumi archeological museum is 700 metres from the property .
a wide range of cafés , tapas bars and restaurants can be found in the neighbouring square and in the streets surrounding the guest house .
it offers free parking and rooms with free wi - fi .
towels and bed linen are available in this apartment .
like hostel pyatigorsk is located in pyatigorsk .
some rooms include a seating area to relax in after a busy day .
traditional breakfast is served in buffet style .
it features a furnished rooftop terrace with views of the town , and has a free wi - fi zone .
the property has a 24 - hour front desk , bbq facilities and an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including diving , fishing and snorkelling as well as many island tours .
the iconic whitby abbey is 1 mile away and the picturesque quaint village of robin hood ’ s bay is 10 minutes ’ drive from the b & b . york is 45 miles from manor view .
rooms here will provide you with cable tv , air conditioning and a minibar . there is also an electric kettle .
apartment on novoselskogo offers accommodation in odessa , 900 metres from deribasovskaya street . the apartment is 1 . 4 km from odessa theatre of opera and ballet .
the rote bar and anna sacher restaurants serve international and traditional viennese cuisine .
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower in each unit .
comfort inn campbellton features guest rooms with cable tv and coffee makers . hair dryers and ironing facilities are also included .
it is 100 metres from furio camillo metro station on line a , and a 5 - minute walk from roma tuscolana train station , with links to fiumicino airport .
all rooms have access to shared bathroom facilities , a fridge and bbq area .
the property is 700 metres from ipanema beach , 750 metres from general osório metro station and 1 . 5 km from copacabana beach .
some units have a seating area to relax in after a busy day .
some rooms have views of moscow city centre .
they have a desk , a fridge and cable tv . they all come with en suite bathrooms .
other facilities like a children ' s playground , an ironing service and laundry facilities are offered . the property offers free parking .
wi - fi internet access is free throughout the hotel .
hanoi hoa duong hostel has air - conditioned rooms with a private bathroom in hanoi .
a local bus stop can be reached within 600 metres .
activities in the surrounding area include golfing , cycling and horse riding .
you can engage in various activities , such as horse riding and cycling .
free public parking is available 300 metres away .
metropol hotel also provides a private garage , with an extra cost .
overlooking peaceful views of the beach , drunken monkey bar serves sri lankan and western dishes with seafood specialties .
the kitchen is equipped with a washing machine , oven and kitchenware , while the living room opens onto the terrace and includes a sofa and dining table .
some rooms have a private patio .
residence inn houston is 17 . 9 miles from downtown houston .
local wines are also available .
this guest house has a ski pass sales point and bike hire is available .
rooms at quoc an guesthouse come with air conditioning , tiled flooring , a wardrobe , minibar and a tv with cable channels .
set amidst gardens , golden temple hotel features traditional khmer décor and hospitality blended with modern comforts .
there are many restaurants and bars in the surrounding area .
the kitchens are complete with an oven , stove , fridge and extractor fan .
continental country club is 33 . 8 km from the casino and resort .
the units are equipped with free wi - fi and cable tv .
the air - conditioned rooms feature a flat - screen tv , minibar and desk .
within the premises of arokaria , there is also a cave with fossils and waterfall to visit .
it offers modern accommodation with free parking and free internet .
located an 5 - minute walk from isani metro station in tbilisi , nitsa hotel offers a conference hall , a children ’ s playground , billiards and free wi - fi .
free internet access is available .
free barbecue facilities are at guests ́ disposal .
l ' angolo ' s modern rooms are air - conditioned and feature elegant furnishings .
there is a kitchenette with a refrigerator and a coffee machine .
a sweet and savoury breakfast is available daily .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out chamonix - planpraz ski lift ( 1 . 1 km ) and planards ski lift ( 500 metres ).
riga international airport is located 14 , 3 km away .
each room here will provide you with air conditioning and a seating area . there is also an electric kettle .
set in milan , fifty eight suite milan offers air - conditioned apartments with free wifi in different locations in fashion district of milan . guests benefit from a balcony .
some units feature a dining area and / or balcony .
includes an en suite bathroom featuring a flat - screen tv .
there are several bus stops within 200 metres from the casa dos prazeres – campo de ourique , providing connections to all that lisbon has to offer .
ado international bus station is 1 km from hm playa del carmen , while playa del carmen maritime terminal is 1 . 2 km from the property .
free private car and boat parking is available on site .
the modern and country - style rooms each include a seating area and a private bathroom with shower .
the property is 150 metres from copacabana beach and 2 . 2 km from botafogo beach .
you can play tennis at the property , and the area is popular for cycling .
the air - conditioned unit is 1 . 1 km from petruzzelli theatre .
a full kitchen and a separate seating area with a sofa and a cable tv are provided in this davenport 49958 by executive villas florida holiday home .
charles m schulz museum is 30 minutes ’ drive away from russian river studios .
rooms here will provide you with air conditioning . private bathrooms also come with a shower .
aonang buri resort is located close to nopparattara beach and is a 10 - minute walk from aonang beach , with activities like scuba diving , elephant trekking and island exploration available nearby .
it includes a swimming pool with hydromassage jets , a restaurant and a poolside bar .
a tv is offered .
a private bathroom is included .
free private parking is available on site and works on a rotation basis .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a bidet and free toiletries .
free wi - fi is included in all rooms and an outdoor pool on site .
the baansanook bungalows are located a 2 . 5 - hour drive from trad aiport and a 20 - minute drive from the trad ferry terminal .
the cascade gondola is 5 minutes ' walk away .
the hotel julia is situated in rivabellosa , a small town on the a - 1 motorway in the basque country .
atlantis is set 20 minutes ’ walk from denia port , with connection to mallorca and ibiza .
the in - house restaurant serves indian and regional dishes .
this guest house is a 5 - minute walk from the historical centre of matera .
overlooking the pool or garden , each room comes with air conditioning , cable tv and a fridge . en suite bathrooms are equipped with a shower and a set of free toiletries .
dazhou railway station is a 30 - minute drive away . dazhou east railway station can be reached in 20 minutes by car .
guests have access to a free outdoor swimming pool .
bars , restaurants and shops are within walking distance from the hotel .
most of the units have a view to the ionian sea and are equipped with kitchens and refrigerators .
rooms here will provide you with air conditioning . private bathrooms also come with a shower .
private parking is possible on site for free .
this hotel features basic rooms with free wi - fi and serves a daily continental breakfast . it is located off of highway 99 and is 3 . 4 miles from fresno metropolitan museum .
alternatively guests can visit the restaurants within walking range in the pedestrian bauman street .
it features a tv and a bathroom with a shower .
the lake of banyoles is 5 km away from can solanas country house and activities as cycling , kayaking or fishing can be organized on request .
towels are provided .
free wifi is featured throughout the property .
an electric cooker , tea / coffee maker and toaster make fixing food easy .
accommodation will provide you with a tv , air conditioning and a balcony .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms come with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
friendly staff will inform you about free beaches and special discounts .
each light and airy apartment comes with a kitchen and dining area , as well as a lounge with a flat - screen tv .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling and hiking .
there is free underground parking on site .
you can enjoy sea view and mountain view from all the rooms .
the longwood country inn restaurant , located on site , serves american and european cuisine .
offering a terrace and ski storage space , appartamenti clelia is set in pellizzano , 200 metres from the bus stop with links to the main ski areas .
it has a 24 - hour front desk , a gym and a billiards room .
room service is available for limited number of hours .
some rooms offer a jetted tub , hairdryer and direct sea views .
the hostel provides 24 - hour front desk service .
many restaurants and cocktail lounges are located in the surrounding area .
holiday home nøddehaven oksbøl denm is located in oksbøl .
bathrobes are available at surcharge .
if you are in town on business , the reginna palace hotel can accommodate you in its fully - equipped congress centre .
the centre of kaprun is only a few minutes ‘ walk away from active by leitner ’ s .
in addition , guests can get beach equipment directly from the hotel .
a flat - screen tv is offered .
meals are not offered at this accommodation .
hearty chinese options are also available for breakfast .
set within a 6 - hectare garden , maison d ’ hôtes hameau d ’ amignié is a 20 - minute drive from belleville and a 30 - minute drive from villefranche - sur - saône .
the obersanterhof is a working farm located in sesto , a 15 - minute walk from the helm ski lift .
it offers bed and breakfast accommodation and free wifi in public areas .
car rentals and sightseeing arrangements can be done at the tour desk .
hotel sant roc ’ s panoramic restaurant offers a high quality daily menu with local and international specialities .
a full breakfast menu includes smoked salmon with scrambled eggs , organic porridge , fruit smoothies and a range of teas and coffees .
free wi - fi access is available .
during summer , you can swim for free in the pool with views of the surrounding countryside .
free wi - fi access is also available in public areas .
the rooms at this guest house come air conditioned and with a view of the sea . guests will enjoy the typical blue tiles featured throughout .
free on - site parking is available , and many scenic walks can be taken in the surrounding area .
you can enjoy city view .
it is 5 miles from miami art museum and 11 miles from miami international airport .
apartamenty kierpcówka a zakopane is located in a picturesque area of zakopane - kościelisko .
located in birsfelden , hotel blume is just 2 . 5 km from the centre of basel and basel main train station .
surrounded by a forest and meadows and quietly located 6 km from the centre of eben and the a10 motorway exit and a 15 - minute drive from the flachau and flachauwinkel / zauchensee ski area , biobauernhof möslehenhof offers free wifi , a ski storage room , a small outdoor pool , a playground for children and a small petting zoo and farm animals .
chalet matin is a 5 - minute car drive from the landal brandnertal leisure complex , where facilities like a sauna and a large indoor swimming pool can be used free of charge .
guests can enjoy satellite tv channels and video - on - demand movies .
the nearest airport is pulkovo airport , 16 km from apartment on 8 - ya sovetskaya .
located opposite park beach , bosuns inn motel features an outdoor swimming pool , free wi - fi and a covered bbq area . it offers accommodation with a kitchenette and flat - screen satellite tv .
in winter you can also do ice fishing at the lake , ice fishing gear can be loaned from reception .
in the garden there is also a barbecue corner .
wifi is available for a surcharge .
da lat flower gardens is 7 . 5 km away , while nha trang airport is approximately 87 km away .
rooms at ponnatree come with hardwood furnishings and have large windows that offer plenty of natural light .
it offers an on - site restaurant serving a traditional menu , free wi - fi access and free parking .
there is a 10 , 000 - square - foot flexible conference room available for hosting business functions and events .
all accommodation has a private bathroom and satellite tv . free wifi is available in public areas .
guests can benefit from free entrance and access to an aqua park with swimming pools and water slides .
sidewalk boutique hotel offers bicycle rental and a shared lounge .
some rooms have a private bathroom , while others share one .
vending machines and free private parking are also available on site .
free wifi is available in all areas and free private parking is possible on site .
kuata resort is a 40 - minute boat ride from blue lagoon cave .
towels and linens are included .
every room has a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
stearns wharf and the sea center marine museum are less than a mile from the hotel .
croatian walk of fame is 3 . 8 km from villa manus - boutique apartments , while slatina beach is 3 . 8 km from the property .
guests can sample traditional uzbek cuisine in the cafés and restaurant just a 10 - minute walk away .
services include an outdoor pool and terrace , business centre and free wi - fi .
bathroom and toilet facilities on the property are shared .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including canoeing .
the multilingual staff of hostal morgan bed and breakfast can help arrange airport shuttle and various tours .
the private bathroom comes with a shower .
krabi river view hotel features comfortable rooms with air conditioning .
it is a 15 - minute drive from central shopping mall , and a free shuttle to the mall is provided .
a terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms .
la sierra restaurant serves national and international dishes , and los junglares bar offers drinks and snacks .
a private balcony or patio is standard in all rooms .
free guarded private parking is offered .
the property features luggage storage and laundry service .
the bright house features stylish bedrooms and a living - dining room with a flat - screen tv . there is a kitchen including a washing machine and oven . the bathroom comes with a bathtub .
featuring colourful décor , the homelike appartements krüger apartments are split over 2 floors , offering a separate living room with satellite tv , and a bedroom with a waterbed .
in summer , the z - ticket , which comprises many free benefits such as free use of local cable cars , can be bought on site .
every room comes complete with a flat - screen tv , a refrigerator and a private bathroom .
each room here will provide you with a tv , air conditioning and satellite channels . there is also a refrigerator .
air - conditioned rooms at 3 - star hotel dei priori come with a satellite tv , minibar and private bathroom .
east midlands airport is 38 km from the property .
free wifi and free private parking is available , as well as a lift .
guests are invited to enjoy a sweet and savoury breakfast including ham , fresh fruit salad , fruit juices and french pastries every morning at la villa paris .
this small , charming hotel is a good destination for those who are looking for the serenity of a village setting with splendid , surrounding , landscape and using it as a base for visiting other whitewashed villages , cities and the coast . just a half an hour drive to malaga city centre and airport , the coast and several golf courses , the typical andalusian village has all you need from shops , bars and restaurants , as well as a regular bus service to malaga .
golf enthusiasts will find the pestana and the oceânico golf courses within 8 km .
it offers an outdoor pool , sports area and air - conditioned rooms with a balcony .
viewing the mountains or the park , rooms at b & b domaine du val de soux offer a seating area and a flat - screen tv .
the spacious house features a lounge with large windows and a balcony with a seating area looking out onto the forest and mountains .
the restaurants and nightlife of the beale street historic district is 8 minutes ’ walk away .
the air - conditioned accommodation provides guests with scenic views . each includes a satellite tv , a desk and a minibar .
guests can also simply relax in the zen garden , or can book a massage or acupuncture session .
located 300 metres from the beach and a 15 - minute walk from the commercial area , mary hosting features a fully equipped common kitchen and a lounge area in san andrés island .
you can walk to playa blanca beach in 20 minutes , where you will find a selection of restaurants .
paris - gare de lyon train station is a 13 - minute walk away from the property .
the property offers free parking .
the rooms come with a flat - screen tv .
daily breakfast is served at the on - site restaurant .
spacious suites feature a living and dining area and cable tv .
ploshchad 1905 goda is 1 . 1 km from the property .
in the middle of a superb park , this old residence gives the charm of the 19th century and comfort and the friendliness of the 20th century .
the athenee is a 5 - minute walk from the basilique saint - sernin and an ideal base for discovering the city of toulouse and the river garonne .
guests can enjoy a drink at the bar .
the à la carte restaurants serve austrian and international cuisine .
private bathrooms also come with a shower .
there are meeting facilities available .
free wifi access is available throughout and guests can relax at the on - site bar .
bed linen , towels and bathrobes are also available .
free wifi access is available .
it is 17 km from el plumerillo airport .
the angamaly railway station and angamaly bus station are 5 km .
there is also a bar and a snack bar where light snacks , beverages and refreshments are available .
the traditionally decorated suites also provide a dining area and ceiling fans .
waterfront escape penguin is a 25 - minute drive from devonport and the spirit of tasmania ferry terminal . it is a 1 - hour drive from cradle mountain national park .
located a short 5 - minute walk from canela city centre and catedral de pedra de canela cathedral , casa charmosa serra gaúcha features bbq facilities , satellite tv and free wi - fi .
holiday inn express hotel & suites carthage features guest rooms with free wi - fi and cable tv .
studios are equipped with air conditioning and heated flooring .
the private bathroom is complete with a hairdryer , bathrobe and a shower .
other on - site conveniences include a business centre , atm / cash machine and fax / photocopying services .
the nearest airport is naples international airport , 49 km from salerno inn b & b .
the hotel also features a games room , ticketing services and free parking .
prudentópolis waterfall is 70 km from fazenda virá .
the nearest airport is pulkovo airport , 16 km from the property .
each room is equipped with an lcd tv and a minibar .
chelsea fc is 6 km from compton guest house , while stamford bridge is 7 km from the property .
the have a refrigerator and a bathroom with shower .
it offers free bike rental , a children ' s play room and 1 parasol , 1 deck chair and 1 sun lounger on the beach .
the tuscan - style simply furnished rooms come with parquet floors , exposed wood - beamed ceilings , and a flat - screen tv .
mountain bikes are at your disposal free of charge .
towels and bed linen are available in this apartment .
cordoba international airport is 40 km away .
the town of ston , on pelješac peninsula , can be reached in 22 km , while the unesco - protected dubrovnik is 65 km away .
castellón airport is just 20 km away , and valencia airport is 97 km away .
you will also find golf , horse riding and beautiful gardens nearby .
free wifi access is available here .
the energy corridor district is 15 minutes ' drive away .
rooms include white bedding and large windows .
all rooms come with air conditioning . each room is equipped with an individual bathroom that provides free toiletries .
offering mountain views , all rooms at marianna feature a mini fridge and tv .
in the garden , a seating area is available .
hotel intourist ’ s tour desk can provide guests with information on city trips .
laundry service and daily maid service are provided .
the restaurant is known for its excellent international menu , and meals are served in a beautiful setting by the sea .
tolmachevo airport is 17 km away .
the acletta bus stop can be reached within a 5 - minute walk .
restaurants , bars and grocers can be found within walking distance .
dalaman airport is within 150 km and airport shuttle services are arranged upon request at a surcharge .
florence is 29 km away .
each room comes complete with a tv and a private bathroom , and some rooms have a balcony .
guests can visit the palmengarten ( palm garden ), hufeland thermal baths , and hyllige born spring .
the hotel offers free wi - fi in common areas .
guests have access to shared kitchen and laundry facilities and a gas bbq .
free wifi is available .
surrounded by nature and featuring rustic décor , hotel finca la mansión boasts an outdoor pool , garden and sun terrace .
each apartment at elm bank lodge includes a warmly furnished lounge area with a flat - screen freeview tv and a comfortable sofa .
the apartments features a flat - screen tv , a living / dining area with fully equipped kitchen , and a washing machine .
guests are welcome to dine in various cafés and restaurants are located within a 10 - minute walk of the inn .
every room has a private bathroom with a bidet and shower , with a hairdryer provided .
most apartments feature a furnished terrace .
all rooms come with a flat - screen tv . each room is fitted with a private bathroom .
kalamaki mare suites offers free public parking and is located just 18 km from the airport of chania .
this holiday home is 70 km from la / ontario international airport .
all rooms are equipped with tv , telephone , and en suite bathroom .
accommodations at the towneplace suites rochester have a large work desk and free wi - fi .
priština airport is located 18 km away . airport shuttle is available at a surcharge .
this saskatchewan area inn is just 5 minutes ’ drive from the saskatchewan sports hall of fame museum .
klong khong beach is a short walk from lanta lapaya resort , while the ferry pier is a 9 . 3 km drive away .
inn & suites cocca ’ s offers otis & oliver ’ s restaurant & pub . it serves american dishes such as country barbecue ribs and chicken in a casual atmosphere .
the in - house restaurant serves indian , chinese and continental dishes .
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a fridge , a microwave and an oven . a stove and kitchenware are also at guests ' disposal .
free private parking is possible on site .
the lido hotel is located in a quiet area , just 200 metres from the gdańsk pier .
the front desk at the gould hotel is staffed 24 hours a day .
a café serving ukrainian cuisine is 50 metres from the guest house . a food market is 100 metres away .
a kitchenette equipped with a fridge , electric kettle , coffee maker and cooking hobs for the preparation of light meals is standard .
all units feature a kitchen and a bathroom with shower and a washing machine .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
the kataraxtis kakis skalas waterfalls are just 500 metres away .
free private parking is available on site .
the property offers free parking .
a garden with plants and trees is available .
all apartments are air - conditioned and feature a flat - screen tv , washing machine and bathroom with shower .
miami beach convention center is 6 . 3 km away .
guests are free to relax by the pool or in the shared lounge .
the escorial palace is only 15 km from the hotel .
featuring classic - style décor , the apartment comes with 4 bedrooms and 1 bathroom .
the property offers free parking .
the grand central airport of johannesburg is only 23 km away .
orly airport is 8 km away and viry - châtillon rer train station is a 15 - minute walk from the property and offers direct access to the centre of paris .
the nearest airport is debrecen international airport , 3 km from the property .
guests can relax on the 2 panoramic sun terraces , enjoy ischia ’ s corso vittorio colonna shopping street , 100 metres away , or have a relaxing massage at the hotel ’ s beauty centre .
there is also a washing machine and ironing facilities .
there is also a bar on site .
the common garden is a nice place to relax on sunny days , while strøget shopping street is less than 5 minutes ’ walk away .
staff can organise outdoor sport activities such as horse riding , cycling and hiking .
take part in outdoor activities and enjoy the space of the hotel ' s surroundings , and its views .
riga airport is 10 , 4 km away .
a varied breakfast buffet is available daily , and includes freshly baked bread , cold meats and cheeses .
all rooms come with free wi - fi , a tv and private bathroom with hairdryer .
the tenjin area and kushida shrine are a 10 - minute walk from the hotel .
free wifi is featured throughout the property .
the living room has a sofa and a flat - screen tv , while the kitchenette comes with a microwave , fridge , hob and toaster .
selkirk lodge has 2 restaurants .
rooms at the hotel are modern and elegant .
every room comes with a private or shared bathroom with slippers for your comfort , you will find free toiletries and a hair dryer .
guests can also visit the leon troski museum which is 700 metres away , or the popular viveros park which is around the same distance .
bologna ' s historic centre is 25 km away , and wi - fi is free .
car hire is available at this hotel and the area is popular for horse riding and snorkelling .
11 @ century houses a restaurant and offers affordable accommodation with flat - screen tvs and free wi - fi access . situated opposite ksl city mall in johor bahru , it is 5 km from singapore city .
holiday apartment manola 141 is 5 km from carera street in rovinj .
fishing and horseback riding is at a distance of 3 km .
located in the heart of rheine ’ s picturesque old town , this family - run hotel offers modern rooms with free wi - fi and a flat - screen tv .
arezzo is a 30 - minute drive from villa coloniale , while cortona is 40 km away .
a ski bus stops in front of the property and the city of bolzano is 45 km away .
free parking with room for buses and trucks is also available .
a japanese - style breakfast and dinner featuring fresh produces harvested within a 15 - mile radius of the property are served .
the resort houses an outdoor pool and a restaurant .
rooms include a private bathroom .
a hearty breakfast , made with locally sourced ingredients , is served daily and it features a delicious full english .
a sweet and savoury buffet breakfast is served in the morning .
each morning a hearty breakfast is served within the cosy dining room .
la locanda del prete is a country house surrounded by the umbrian countryside , in the medieval village of saragano gualdo cattaneo , it features an outdoor pool overlooking the landscape .
the air - conditioned apartment features 2 sofa beds , a flat - screen tv and a private bathroom with a bathtub .
guests can play table tennis and enjoy water sports facilities at the hotel .
ginja cooking school holds thai cooking classes .
you will find a kettle in the room .
an outdoor dining area is available .
the centre of santander is 35 minutes ’ drive away and the airport is 30 km from the property .
the classic - style rooms feature a wardrobe .
the rooms feature either cable or satellite tv , coffee maker and a private bathroom with free toiletries and hairdryer .
activities such as hiking , skiiing and fishing can be enjoyed in the surrounding area .
the complex offers fully - equipped , functional apartments with free wi - fi .
extras include a desk , bed linen and ironing facilities .
guests can enjoy the free breakfast in the spacious breakfast room every morning .
seaview apartment is a 15 - minute walk from zhanqiao pier .
situated 4 km from the centre of timisoara , pensiunea nora - clasic offers rooms with flat - screen tv and minibar , as well as private underground parking facilities . wi - fi is available for free .
all bathrooms have a bathrobe , slippers and hairdryer , whilst some rooms also have a separate living area .
tsutenkaku is 1 . 6 km from fuku hostel - nagomi - namba , while shitennoji is 1 . 7 km from the property .
there is a bus stop a few steps from the property .
facing west , it also has a terrace with sea and sunset views .
a flat - screen tv is available .
it features individually designed rooms and serves a daily hot breakfast .
there is a covered and private bicycle garage in the hotel .
the living - dining room comes with a sofa bed ; while the bathroom has a shower .
leisurely afternoons can be spent lounging by the pool or with a soothing balinese massage .
shenzhen dameisha sea world holiday apartment offers accommodation in shenzhen . it is located a 5 - minute walk from dameisha seaside park .
opposite york minster , and less than 200 metres from york city centre , is the dean court hotel .
vending machines featuring snacks and beverages are available .
the city of perpignan is 38 km from villa troc pinell and perpignan - rivesaltes airport is located 47 km away .
a guest launderette is located on - site . free guest parking is available .
lake city columbia county historical museum is 14 minutes ' drive from the property .
free wifi access is available .
the mayan ruins of tulum are a 15 - minute drive away and lively playa del carmen is a 20 - minute drive away .
free wifi is provided throughout the property .
whether you are interested in sport , culture , gastronomy , or are simply in search of peace and relaxaton - this is the perfect spot for you !
each functional room has tv and free wi - fi .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including fishing .
activities at vanha nyyssölä include billiard and hiking .
offering a restaurant , the hotel has free wi - fi and on - site parking .
monte da morena agro - turismo is situated less than 1 km away from the town of serpa , where guests can visit the church of santa maria .
lauro carneiro de loyola airport is 67 km away .
apartamento copacabana paula freitas is a self - catering accommodation located just 250 metres from the famous copacabana beach .
set in a historical building in the centre of vannes , kyriad vannes centre offers soundproofed and air - conditioned rooms .
falmouth is 37 km from the classroom , while padstow is 32 km from the property .
set amidst lush green fields , near agios matthaios village , villa lefki offers fully equipped accommodation with a spacious kitchen , spa bath and free wi - fi . it has a large pool with sun terrace and a big garden .
all rooms are equipped with a flat - screen satellite tv , a telephone and a refrigerator .
the apartment has portable barbecue facilities and guests can enjoy views of the mountains and the countryside .
you can have a drink at the bar .
apartments here offer a flat - screen satellite tv and a fully equipped kitchen .
free wi - fi is also available .
towels are offered .
the sedrun - oberalp ski area is a 10 - minute drive away .
republic square is 2 . 8 km from guest house anni , while yerevan cascade is 2 km away .
the hotel has a 24 - hour reception desk and some rooms can take 2 adults and up to 2 children ( under 16 years ).
located right on the rathausplatz square in the centre of rust , 1 . 5 km from the bank of lake neusiedl , rusterhof offers you fine burgenland cuisine , romantically styled rooms and free parking .
the heated guest rooms are fitted with electric blankets , a fridge and ironing equipment . the en suite bathroom offers free toiletries and a hairdryer .
morlaix train station is 30 km away and huelgoat forest is 24 km from this b & b .
only 300 metres from lleras park , poblado brownstone offers a self - catering apartment with free wifi and plasma tvs in medellin .
guests can sing karaoke at the golden emperor international club .
the jardin des plantes and the natural history museum are 1 km away .
it is 150 metres from the famous via del corso shopping street and from piazza del popolo square .
located in the heart of shepparton , country home motor inn offers air - conditioned accommodation with a 32 - inch flat - screen and over 55 free satellite channels .
designer style décor and a swimming pool are offered in the trendy palermo soho neighbourhood .
public car parks are within 5 minutes ' walk of the brighton apartment - steyne mansions .
it offers air - conditioned apartments with free wi - fi access . .
accommodation includes a mix of simple but comfortable private rooms and dormitories
you can admire the mountain views or watch a dvd by the fireplace in your apartment ’ s living area .
punta del este is 30 km away .
a shuttle service to the property is available at the airport .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
grocery shops and restaurants can be found within walking distance and free wi - fi access is provided .
each room here will provide you with air conditioning and a seating area .
set around a soapstone fireplace , the spacious living room includes a large dining table and a seating area with sofas , satellite tv , cd and dvd players .
all air - conditioned rooms have a flat - screen satellite tv and a seating area where you can relax .
międzyzdroje is 19 km from osrodek heljan , while heringsdorf is 35 km from the property .
hôtel restaurant à l ' étoile is located in merkwiller - pechelbronn in the alsace region , 40 minutes from strasbourg .
pedestrian street vaci and the elisabeth bridge can also be reached in a short walk .
the bathroom is complete with a shower .
the motel also offers a guest laundry and meeting facilities .
the air - conditioned unit is fitted with a kitchen .
at apartment sienkiewicza guests will find barbecue facilities .
guests can make use of the shared tv area , games room and the library .
guests can enjoy a meal at the on - site restaurant .
located within an israeli settlement , the rimonim hermon holiday village is a small holiday resort built in the style of a swiss alpine village , surrounded by the breathtaking scenery of the golan heights .
the bathroom has a shower and it comes with hairdryer .
hotel do canal is just 10 minutes ’ walk from the horta marina and is a 10 - minute drive from horta airport .
chhatrapati shivaji international mumbai airport is 29 . 6 km away .
the accommodation features a hot tub .
located right next to tianzishan scenic area , zhangjiajie yunlai inn features a tour desk , chargeable airport shuttle service and free wi - fi in all areas .
with a dining table , the new row apartment ' s fully fitted kitchen has a dishwasher , a cooker , and a fridge / freezer .
the famous red square is 3 km away .
the museum of modern art and the archaeological museum are within a 5 - minute walk .
there are shops and grocers in 50 m , supermarket 200 m , restaurant 100 m , sandy beach 3 km .
hotel gangothri , located 500 metres away , serves vegetarian indian delights .
the nearest airport is goa international airport , 20 km from tripvillas @ anol haven .
located in the historical centre of lisbon , se vintage apartment offers an accommodation with comfort and character in a late 18th century building .
breakfast is provided daily .
located 3 km from the main square of zagreb , apartment royal offers self - catering accommodation .
at barokowy zakątek you will find a 24 - hour front desk and a garden .
jasmine apartamenti is a self - catering accommodation located in a quiet area in valmiera , just a 5 - minute walk from the centre of town .
the hotel itself is well - equipped and also has a conference room suitable for meetings and training days .
the inn is surrounded by stunning scenery and has many walking trails on the doorstep .
the rooms at the residence inn miami airport south have a fully - equipped kitchen including a stove and a dishwasher .
some offer a balcony , while others have a view of the mountains .
the accommodation will provide you with a tv , a seating area and satellite channels . there is also a dining table .
gordes is 45 km from bel appartement neuf en provence , while gréoux - les - bains is 12 km from the property .
air conditioned and en suite , rooms include a flat - screen tv and minibar .
this bed and breakfast in bas - saint - laurent is 16 km from boule rock golf club .
the bathroom has a shower , hairdryer and washing machine .
a dishwasher , a microwave and a fridge can be found in the kitchen .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
transport tower is 600 metres from boutique hotel health club & spa gran , while korme exhibition centre is 900 metres from the property .
there is a restaurant with a terrace on site .
then , relax in comfort in your own recently refurbished room , where you will find amenities including minibars and en suite bathrooms .
the kitchenette is fitted with a fridge . a flat - screen tv with cable channels is provided .
sandy beach hotel is a 30 - minute drive from fujairah city and 1 . 5 hours from dubai .
elegance hotel 81 is a short 10 - minute walk from lavender mrt station .
this hostel is situated on the top - floor of norrköping central station , 10 minutes ’ walk from the museum of labour .
the guest house also offers free use of bicycles .
free public parking is possible at a location nearby .
this four - bedroom home can accommodate up to 8 people .
parking and wi - fi are free , and pets are welcome .
there is also a dishwasher .
the rooms have a private bathroom fitted with a bathtub or shower .
this holiday home is 64 km from juan santamaría international airport .
there is a common living room with a dvd player and a seating area .
various cafes and restaurants are situated within a 5 - minute walk .
offering a restaurant , ehlathini lodge is perched on a hill in marken overlooking the bushveld and distant waterberg mountains .
a selection of local food is served for breakfast , lunch and dinner daily .
a trip to nearby wineries such as hillebrand winery just 2 . 8 km away , may follow .
the accommodation features a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
business travellers can make use of the the meeting , fax and photocopying facilities .
most units also feature a balcony .
quinta do regato is located in moreiras grandes , 15 km from torres novas .
wifi is available on request and for surcharge .
there is also a fridge , microwave and coffee maker , as well as an oven and hob .
rooms have either a partial sea view or a city view .
internet access is free .
deluxe suites is located in riyadh and offers self - catering accommodation .
guests staying at the quietly located adler hotel & restaurant can make free telephone calls to german landline numbers .
the accommodation will provide guests with a flat - screen tv , a dvd player and a minibar .
good morning lund is 10 minutes ’ drive from lund university . malmö is 20 km away .
a work desk is also provided in each room .
the hotel offers a daily breakfast buffet , free wi - fi and a spacious outdoor pool .
hikkaduwa town is 25 minutes away by car while colombo city is a 1 . 5 - hour drive away .
rooms at the san vito come with a tv and cool tiled or marble floors . the private bathroom includes a hairdryer and free toiletries .
each one has a fully equipped kitchenette and a bathroom with a shower and free toiletries .
rooms come with a cable tv and work desk .
free wifi is available throughout the property .
the caves of les grottes de han are 7 km away from hotel le limbourg .
featuring free wifi and a restaurant , zostel rishikesh offers accommodation in rishikesh 35 km from dehradun .
mysore airport is 12 km from the hotel .
a sweet , italian - style breakfast is served at a café nearby .
a microwave , a fridge and a stovetop can be found in the kitchenette .
nearby the property there is a restaurant ( 2 , 0 km ) and a shopping area ( 3 , 5 km ).
it offers elegant rooms with private balconies , and free wi - fi internet access .
all units are fully furnished and equipped with a tv .
free on - site parking is also available .
a sauna and a hot tub are available at a surcharge .
the restaurant serves regional cuisine , and icherisheher metro station is a 7 - minute walk away .
it offers free wi - fi and private parking .
each heated room has city views and is equipped with a tv .
panoramic views of the nearby mountains and river are offered .
a front desk is at your service for 24 hours .
extras include linen and a fan .
all rooms look onto the garden and include free wi - fi , a flat - screen tv and an en suite bathroom .
the property has a children ’ s playground and bbq facilities .
at desert inn resort convention center you will find a 24 - hour front desk .
you can drive to the beaches of the costa del sol in 30 minutes .
set in the historic centre of santu lussurgiu , sas benas features an à la carte restaurant serving sardinian specialities .
guests will find a restaurant within 500 metres from the property .
yaremche is 11 km from usadba tatarchik , while vorokhta is 7 km away .
all rooms and suites at the hotel krone - post feature cable tv , wi - fi and a private bathroom .
the lively mykonos town and mykonos port are at 6 km .
located at just a 10 - minute walk from negombo beach , lodge 19 offers air - conditioned units with views of the garden .
bicycle rental for a day is included in the price .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
the hotel offers an outdoor pool and provides free wi - fi in every room .
joyful star hotel pu dong airport wanxia offers a vending machine and luggage storage at the 24 - hour front desk .
private parking is available on site for an additional charge upon reservation .
the bathroom comes with a shower .
the contemporary - style rooms at the fairhotel sarstedt feature bright décor and a private bathroom with shower .
at fifth floor guest house you will find a 24 - hour front desk and a shared kitchen .
apartment on troitskaya ploshad is an apartment situated in saint petersburg , 1 . 6 km from church of the savior on spilled blood . the property is 1 . 8 km from hermitage museum and free private parking is featured .
the seaside village of limenaria is a 30 - minute drive away .
the hotel offers bike rental and free guided tours of the castle .
all include a seating area , a private bathroom and a kitchenette with a fridge and coffee maker .
free wifi access is available throughout and there is a sun terrace and garden where guests can relax .
beauty treatments are also provided here .
all studios and apartments feature an equipped kitchen with dining area and a private bathroom with shower .
all units feature a kitchen fitted with a dishwasher and oven . a microwave , a toaster and fridge are also featured , as well as a coffee machine .
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a coffee brewer and a microwave .
there is a shared lounge at the property .
the kitchen is equipped with a stove , coffee machine and microwave .
clermont shopping center is 18 km from heron hill street home , while presidents hall of fame is 20 km from the property .
the chateau restaurant serves regional cuisine .
lake idro is 24 km from the ornella casa .
additional services include a laundrette and there is a children ’ s playground . you can watch canal + channels in the tv room , which also has a library or play table football and board games .
a german breakfast buffet is provided every morning at sabine , and guests can eat outside on the sun terrace in warm weather .
rooms are fitted with a tv with satellite channels .
with a beachfront location , casavacanze castelli di sabbia offers accommodation in porto sant ’ elpidio , a 10 - minute walk from the city centre .
enjoy a romantic swim in the evening or visit the outdoor pool in the morning .
other facilities at royal kahana condo include a fitness centre .
free parking is available next to the hotel , and lviv international airport is 7 km away .
featuring free wifi , hotel mirador del valle offers accommodation in casarabonela .
towels and bed linen are featured in this apartment .
bright and spacious rooms with modern interiors are provided at landhotel weihermühle .
the property features breeding grounds for lynxes and wild birds .
the latter of which is in a terrace that overlooks the surrounding green areas .
an italian - style breakfast including homemade cakes is served daily at depalmas ’ restaurant , just 20 metres away .
they all include a 32 - inch flat - screen tv , minibar and free wi - fi access .
guests can enjoy garden views from the rooms .
there is also available balsamic vinegar , salt and pepper .
the oriental pearl tower is 6 km from 7days premium shanghai wujiaochang wanda plaza .
stariy zamok offers free private parking on site .
zamora and salamanca are both around 1 hour and 15 minutes ’ drive away .
metropolitan park and jacksonville landing are within a short drive of the hotel .
it also has a washing machine and ironing facilities .
cairns city centre and cairns international airport are both a 25 minute drive away .
every room also has a mini - refrigerator , hot drink facilities and a well - lit work desk .
each room has modern décor and colourful lighting .
guests can enjoy a meal in the restaurant , which opens onto a terrace .
they are all air conditioned and include a satellite tv , iron facilities , safe and bathroom with hairdryer .
guests can relax by the pool or on the patio . they can also enjoy an outdoor bbq meal .
sochi is 30 km from hotel lazurniy , while lazarevskoye is 17 km away .
the unit is 400 metres from provincial archaeology museum of alicante .
free wifi access is available .
matahari department store and taha syaifuddin airport are both 20 minutes ’ drive away from the property .
the classic - style apartment is air conditined and has satellite tv .
set in arrentela , this apartment is 11 km from lisbon . colaco accommodation boasts views of the garden and is 32 km from sintra .
activities in the surrounding area include cycling .
aparthotel encasa is located near madrid ' s ifema congress centre and the faunia theme park .
canakkale naval museum is 750 metres from the premises , and canakkale airport is 3 km away .
the hotel is situated within a 5 - minute walk from the local supermarkets and restaurants .
overlooking the beach , b & b il pozzo antico is located in the centre of catanzaro lido .
set in the heart of the beautiful inishowen peninsula , the family friendly riversdale country house offers free wifi in public areas and free private parking .
the mocanita - vaserului valley is within 12 km .
fine dining and a broad list of douro and port wines can be enjoyed at the book restaurant , which is sited within a renovated book shop and offers an intimate atmosphere .
free wifi is available throughout the property .
luggage storage is available at the 24 - hour front desk .
room service can be requested for in - room dining comforts .
there is a full a kitchenette with a microwave and an oven .
set 200 metres from the seafront , casa elisabetta is located 8 km from scicli ' s centre .
the hotel provides car rentals , dry cleaning , and laundry services .
bed linen is offered .
set in the same ground of the quellenhof , park - und vitalresidenz quellenhof boasts a 10 . 000 m2 spa , its own 4 - hole golf course , and outdoor and indoor swimming pools . surrounded by the sarntal alps , it is 5 km from san martino in passiria .
at flat bsb comfort claras you will find a garden and barbecue facilities . other facilities like a games room are offered .
with classic decor , the studio comes with a tv and a kitchenette with a dining area .
villa magnolia is situated at the walcheren coast , in a quiet area near oostkapelle ( 1 km ) and domburg ( 3 km ). the beach is 800 metres away .
activities in the area include kayaking in the gorges de l ’ ardèche and cycling , fishing and rock climbing are available nearby .
a buffet breakfast is served each morning , and the coffee shop is open throughout the day .
there is also a washing machine .
the etrusco ' s breakfast buffet features homemade pastries , freshly squeezed orange juices , but also savoury products and fresh vegetables .
staff are happy to make recommendations and bookings for local restaurants .
all rooms are heated and soundproofed .
bagnara spa offers a small hydromassage pool and 3 beauty rooms for massages and treatments .
the apartment is spacious and features a tv with cable channels , a bath with a bathroom and a shower , as well as a kitchen with a dishwasher .
phrae bus station and phrae airport are within a 10 - minute drive away from chatawan homestay , while lampang airport is 68 km from the property .
bergamo is 38 km from the property .
laundry services and currency exchange are available .
barmstedt town centre is only 500 metres from hotel restaurant seegarten .
each morning guests can enjoy a buffet breakfast .
nearby activities include canoeing , hiking , and cycling .
located in anglet , apartment les demeures de brindos anglet offers access to an outdoor pool . the property is 5 . 8 km from chiberta golf and 3 . 7 km from biarritz - le phare golf .
a flat - screen tv is available .
yemelyanovo international airport is 33 km away .
a daily breakfast is included .
situated just a 10 - minute drive from arenal beach , santa barbara features a private outdoor swimming pool , a terrace with bbq facilities , and table tennis facilities .
dijon is a 45 - minute drive away and autun is a 35 - minute drive from the hotel .
there is a private bathroom with a hairdryer in each unit .
the guest house is 1 km from ubud market , 1 . 5 km from ubud palace and 2 . 5 km from ubud monkey forest . bali denpasar international airport is 31 km away .
madgaon junction railway station is 13 km from the property .
guests of the aplis have access to a garden with barbecue facilities and a playground for children .
in the evening , cocktails and live music is offered at the sky bar .
it also has grocery shopping service and a picnic area with barbecue facilities .
this charming country house opens onto a terrace with lovely views .
accommodation at copa hostel includes male and female dormitories with air conditioning , a fan , individual lockers and the use of a shared bathroom .
it operates a 24 - hour front desk and provides free parking spaces on site .
the resort ’ s modern and tasteful rooms come with a tv , wi - fi , hairdryer and minibar . air conditioning and safes are installed in all rooms and can be rented on arrival .
free wifi access is provided in all areas .
located in the historic centre of acireale , elisir offers simple accommodation with bike rental .
services at a surcharge , offered at gt villa astoria apartments include bicycle and car rentals .
leisure activities include rafting , wine tours , biking and horseback riding .
it also includes a complete bathroom and a garden with outdoor barbecue facilities .
completely refurbished in 2008 , amenities include air conditioning and lcd tvs .
guests of hotel - restaurant du lac can enjoy traditional and seasonal cuisine served in the dining room .
dining options include the restaurant , the bar , and the garden terrace .
novum house apartamenty is located in kraków ’ s old town , only 300 meters from the main market square .
free wifi and free private parking are available on site .
the long sandy beach is within easy walking distance ( 100 metres ), as are the numerous restaurants , shops and bars , for which the town is known .
the rooms at hotel riverview offer a desk , satellite tv , a kitchenette and a bathroom with bath or shower .
the hostel arranges fun themed nights and film nights .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling .
free wifi is featured throughout the property .
bed sheets are included , and towels are available for to rent .
free private parking is possible on site .
also the filzmoos ski school and the bögel training lift can be found right next to the aparthotel olympia .
at sunset suites you can count on 24 - hour front desk assistance and enjoy the bar .
yanet sol has rooms with carpeted floors , cable tv and private bathrooms with showers .
pousada aloha brasil is located only 70 metres from the beach and 30 metres from vila principal .
guests can relax in the spacious 24 - hour public bath and use free wi - fi in the public areas .
this riad hotel is located in the heart of the fes medina , morocco .
laoshan national forest park is 38 km away .
the maharana pratap international airport is 181 km .
at cubitá boutique resort & spa you will find a restaurant . other facilities offered at the property include grocery deliveries and a tour desk .
free private parking is available on site .
the living room comes with a flat - screen satellite tv and a dining area .
a former guesthouse of the soviet government , the villa andropoff is surrounded by pine forests .
from 01 may to 31 october , the bregenzerwald card is included with a minimum stay of 3 nights .
to reach frühstückspension anja , you can take a bus or taxi from st . johann im pongau train station , 17 km away .
lal chowk ghantaghar is 2 . 6 km from the property .
kertih oil refinery and bio - polymer park are within 10 minutes ' drive away .
a sweet and savoury buffet breakfast is served daily .
it features elegant , air - conditioned rooms with free internet and balcony .
luggage can be stored at the front desk .
you can play tennis at the property , and car hire is available .
metekhi side hotel is located in tbilisi city centre , in avlabari district .
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower and free toiletries in each unit .
a small gym is also available .
free private parking is available on site .
located just 160 metres from the kremenchuk reservoir embankment in svitlovodsk town , this hotel features free coffee 2 times a day and free wi - fi .
each room comes with a private bathroom equipped with a bath or shower .
amenities include an lcd tv and yukata robes , while the attached bathroom offers toiletries .
the private bathroom has a bath or shower .
kraków główny train station and bus station are located 1 . 3 km from ada .
apartment idrijca also includes a terrace .
the cırali dolunay hotel is 19 km from tekirova .
central valencia is a 40 - minute drive away .
tours to the historical sites in the city centre of madaba can be organised by queen ayola ' s 24 - hour reception .
it offers self - catering accommodation featuring air conditioning and a garden .
the guest house offers lunch and dinner , and organizes themed culinary evenings and barbecues .
gdansk lech walesa airport is 14 km away .
other facilities at bay view inn 102 - 308 2nd apartment include an outdoor pool .
adana sakirpasa airport is 65 km away .
overlooking legian beach , bali village bagak hotel is located in central legian .
heinrich - heine underground station is a 5 - minute walk away .
offering a patio overlooking the garden , templeman place also has access to bbq facilities .
willa pokusa is located in two buildings reminding of the local 19th century architecture in the centre of szczawnica , a popular resort town with alkali sorrel springs .
oulx train station is located 10 km away .
you can play table tennis at this guest house , and the area is popular for hiking .
each room has a private bathroom with shower facilities .
ubud homemade resto serves local specialities .
the pristine phewa lake is just 600 metres away .
breakfast at vatican ' s house is italian style and is served in the dining hall or in the comfort of your room at no extra cost .
top apartment augarten is a spacious apartment in vienna , a 10 - minute walk rom the praterstern train and metro sedation , and the prater amusement park .
enjoying a seafront position and a private beach area , apartments iva is set 7 km from the old town of kotor . free wi - fi and air - conditioned accommodation are provided , aw well as free private parking .
featuring free wifi , a restaurant and a terrace , hostel barone offers accommodation in subotica .
breakfast is served daily at the property and dinner can be enjoyed at the on - site à - la - carte restaurant , serving regional austrian cuisine .
a microwave , refrigerator , and coffee machine come standard in each room at rodeway inn and suites fort jackson .
all include a tv and a private bathroom with a shower .
free on - site parking is available at the hotel restaurant du mée , meaning you can easily explore the île - de - france region by car .
free wi - fi is available in all areas .
free wifi is available throughout the property and free private parking is available on site .
other property facilities include a 24 - hour front desk , bungalows , a sauna with a swimming pool , a karaoke and night club , a bar , bbq facilities , a business centre and room service .
breakfast consists of both sweet and savoury food .
tajo river is a 10 - minute walk away .
a garden with barbecue facilities and a playground is surrounding the property .
certain rooms feature a seating area to relax in after a busy day .
they all have en suite bathrooms equipped with free toiletries .
b & b taptoe is an intimate guesthouse situated only 200 metres from the manneken pis statue .
juan santamaría international airport is a 2 - hour drive away .
newly renovated in 2013 , rooms at pension max are individually furnished .
the indoor and outdoor restaurants serve examples from aegean and mediterranean cuisines .
western nebraska community college , western nebraska regional airport and wyo braska wildlife mueseum are within 15 minutes ’ drive from the motel .
horyu - ji temple , a world heritage site , can be reached within a 20 - minute train ride .
offering a restaurant and a private beach area , akmendvaris is located in daugirdishkyay .
guests can enjoy fresh local produce and speciality wines in the restaurant .
the aquadome thermal spa is 15 km away .
free wi - fi is available .
if you are in the need of an excitement rush , you can of course head to the hotel casino , which is popular in the area .
all rooms at the calimbra wellness are air - conditioned and offer free wifi and room service .
located in san francisco ’ s vibrant union square , holiday inn express san francisco - union square puts you in the middle of san francisco ’ s shopping and fine dining district .
right on the seafront , hotel spiaggia boasts a large garden , and a free swimming pool featuring a hot tub . it offers a traditional restaurant and en suite rooms .
mountain trails are within 50 metres of the property .
the shared bathroom includes a shower .
the well - equipped kitchen has a ceramic hob , microwave and coffee maker , as well as a toaster , kettle and a portable barbecue for use on the terrace .
the private bathrooms have a shower and toiletries .
they are surrounded by palm trees and fields .
on site you will find a lounge , a bar , a tv room offering satellite television and a restaurant .
a shuttle service to hamburg airport is available on request .
both a shop and a restaurant can be found only 50 metres away .
the private bathroom has a shower .
yachimun street is 1 . 4 km from the hotel , while dfs galleria okinawa is 1 . 5 km from the property .
the 24 - hour reception includes a tour desk .
dubrovnik airport is at a distance of 20 km .
free wifi is available in all areas .
towels and bed linen are provided .
iglesias metro station , 100 metres from the nersan ii , connects you with the rest of the city .
horseback riding and snow - shoe excursions , but also walking and mountain bike tours , can be organised on request .
its spacious rooms have elegant bathrooms , tv and free wi - fi .
free wifi is available throughout the property .
this apartment is located directly opposite the spa park and lake , 4 km from the centre of winterberg . guests enjoy a fully equipped kitchen , free wifi and free on - site parking .
the 24 - hour front desk can help with luggage storage .
located on the path followed by pilgrims towards the basilica of san francesco d ' assisi , the hotel is between the basilica of santa maria degli angeli and the town .
the shopping , dining and entertainment of central augusta are 30 minutes ’ drive away .
each room is individually decorated and includes a tv with dvd player and a hairdryer .
featuring a modern décor , hostal sant marti is located in the centre of puig - reig , 1 hours ’ drive from barcelona .
rooms offer mountain and river views .
the studio apartments come with a sea - view balcony and cable tv .
guests can rent ski equipment at the guest house and buy ski passes there .
guests can enjoy a relaxing massage .
each unit comes with a flat - screen tv with satellite channels , a dvd player , and a seating area with a sofa . guests benefit from a well - equipped kitchenette , that comes with a dining table .
ozerny bus stop is 200 metres from ozerniy hotel .
the on - site hycesia restaurant specialises in local cuisine for lunch and dinner .
an array of activities can be enjoyed in the surroundings , including hiking .
the albert cuyp market is a 5 - minute walk from the arcade hotel , while the sarphati park is situated across the street .
the nearest airport is ambrosio l v taravella airport , 81 km from cabañas ojos de cielo .
rooms come with cable tv channels and balconies .
at home suites offers apartments and studios with free wi - fi and is a 10 - minute walk to the hyderabad international convention centre .
on - site parking is possible and subject to availability .
grand hotel villa itria offers spacious , air - conditioned rooms , 400 metres from viagrande centre . the hotel features an outdoor swimming pool and a wellness centre .
free wi - fi is available in entire property .
bike hire and wi - fi are both free , and fishing excursions at the owners ’ farm can be organised .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
a dishwasher , a microwave and a toaster can be found in the kitchen .
free wifi access is available throughout the property .
city and garden views can be seen from the rooms which are air - conditioned and feature a flat - screen tv with satellite channels , and a dvd - player .
de vine martinborough is located within a 4 - minute walk of the martinborough wine village .
villafranca airport is 12 km away from holiday verona .
the platja d ' aro house is just 4 km from the beach and 5 km from the marina . it has parking and is 3 km from the platja d ' aro golf club and pitch and putt course . girona and its airport are 35 km away .
you will find a kettle in the room .
popular shopping district nisantasi is 4 km from 10 karakoy , a morgans original .
guests may prepare their own meals at the property ’ s shared kitchen , equipped with oven with hobs .
additionally , they have all been equipped with a flat - screen tv with cable channels and a telephone .
leuven central station is 1 km away .
there is a seating area and a kitchen complete with a microwave , a fridge and a stovetop .
other facilities offered at the property include laundry facilities .
guests can relax with barbecue facilities and a picnic area with garden .
the air - conditioned rooms at the falkensteiner margareten are furnished in a modern biedermeier style and come with a flat - screen cable tv , a minibar , and a bathroom .
the air - conditioned rooms are equipped with a fridge and come with toiletries .
restaurants and bars , including a regional one , can be reached within a 10 minutes ’ drive .
the nearest airport is budapest liszt ferenc airport , 19 km from apartment erod4 .
all rooms have air conditioning , a tv , sofa and a tiled bathroom .
featuring a private infinity pool , ravdoucha epavlis - villa eleni is located in ravdoucha village .
free wifi is available throughout and there is free on - site parking for guests with a vehicle .
overlooking a coral reef and its own private beach , it offers traditional swahili - style rooms .
sebilj fountain is 4 . 1 km from best of sarajevo paromlinska .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
within driving distance of raleigh city centre and close to local attractions including wakefield plantation , this north carolina hotel features a free daily hot breakfast and spacious guestrooms .
only 300 metres from the mediterranean sea , sesam apart hotel is located in alanya .
the national museum is 300 metres away , as well as muzeum metro station .
the gran dorado ( theme park ) in medebach is only 9 km away .
set in a 16 - th century building just 300 metres from saint mark ' s square , hotel torino is just off calle larga xxii marzo , the main shopping street in venice .
the apartment is in verbania ' s historical centre , close to restaurants , shops and cafés .
an open - plan lounge and dining area with table , sofa and a flat - screen satellite tv which leads out onto the patio .
a buffet breakfast is served every morning in the communal lounge or directly in your room .
surrounded by meadows and mountains , apartment gasura offers amenities like cable tv and a terrace .
guests can make sightseeing and ticketing arrangements at tour desk .
westphalian and mediterranean dishes are served along with a large selection of red wines in the elegant tenne restaurant , which features a chandelier .
vending machines for snacks and drinks are provided for your convenience .
select rooms include a stove top .
rabat - salé airport is located 15 km away .
located just 2 km from nicco park , heaven place offers comfortable accommodation in kolkata . free wifi access is available .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and a bidet .
the bus to lerici and portovenere stops outside the guest house .
they are equipped with a satellite tv and hairdryer .
a more traditional list of wines is offered at the snack bar , which also provides spirits and soft drinks .
the apartment is composed of a kitchen and living area with sofa bed .
it is 1 . 5 km from sauraha bus station and 21 km from bharatpur airport .
the nearest beach is 1 km from the pansion valbruna .
the centre of skala potamias is a 15 - minute walk .
phu bai international airport can be reached with a 20 - minute drive .
puerto de pollensa beach is 6 km away .
howard kitchen offers a variety of breads , cakes and desserts .
bicycle and motorbike rentals are available .
trastevere train station just 5 minutes away by tram . from here you can reach san pietro and termini stations and fiumicino airport .
the shops can be found in the centre of harrachov .
the bathrooms are fitted with a bath and shower .
located in sharm el sheikh , sharm bride apartments offers an outdoor pool and a spa and wellness centre . this self - catering accommodation features free wifi in public areas .
this spacious villa features air conditioning and has a seating and dining area , washing machine and tumble dryer .
a buffet breakfast is served daily .
bars , shops and restaurants are found in the surroundings .
accommodation will provide you with a patio . there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
you can share a meal using the bbq facilities , or enjoy the convenience of room service .
an ocean view along with a private balcony is offered in each simply furnished room at boardwalk terrace ocean city .
accommodation will provide you with a flat - screen tv and air conditioning .
located in petrčane , apartment mara offers a heated outdoor pool .
this family - run hotel is located 3 km from leipzig central train station and 5 minutes ’ drive from leipzig city centre .
the arrayanes hotel has smart bedrooms with views over the sea or surrounding mountains .
at casa rural los justinos you will find a 24 - hour front desk , a garden and barbecue facilities .
borgarnes swimming pool and the settlement centre are a short walk from egils .
free private parking is available at the joyas diamante complex .
set in charming house surrounded by green vegetation , hotel rio selva aranjuez offers apartments with free wi - fi and plsma tv 10 km from la paz .
free private parking is offered at the property .
guests enjoy special rates at a nearby beach .
the evergreen aviation museum is within driving distance of the wilsonville holiday inn portland hotel .
it is a short walk from the ski lift and buses .
free wifi and free parking are available .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling and hiking .
free wi - fi access is available in this holiday home .
the surrounding sierra de béjar region is ideal for hiking , cycling and horse riding .
a buffet breakfast is provided in the morning .
featuring a flat - screen tv , all rooms come with a minibar and parquet floors .
visit the tour desk to organise an island tour or scuba diving trip .
barbecue facilities and a terrace are in the garden .
this apartment will provide you with a tv , air conditioning and a balcony . there is a full kitchen , with a microwave and an oven , and private bathrooms with a shower .
the nearest airport is ngurah rai airport , 12 km from the property .
rooms are also equipped with a satellite tv and telephone .
a bus stop and a train station are 50 metres and 1 km away respectively .
you can reach the venice biennale art exhibition in 5 minutes on foot .
some rooms offer mountain views and a balcony .
the property has a 24 - hour reception .
guests can rent bicycles and play darts and table tennis .
the lush garden provides barbecue facilities .
offering an a la carte restaurant on site and a furnished terrace in each unit , palma bed & breakfast is located in rab and provides air - conditioned accommodation with free wifi access .
this country hotel has a café bar and a lounge , with dvd player and a fireplace .
free parking facilities are offered to guests who drive .
the rooms are spacious and carpeted and each features a flat - screen tv with satellite channels and a bathroom with a shower .
located in the bahcelievler district in i ̇ stanbul , 900 metres from sinan erdem dome , hostel port - male only features a restaurant and free wifi throughout the property .
you will find luggage storage space at the property .
ansgarkapellet chapel is located on site , and is open 24 hours during summer .
air - conditioned apartments at the family - run tagliaferro come with an lcd tv , a fully equipped kitchen or kitchenette , and a sofa .
the apartments feature a tv , air conditioning and a balcony . there is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven .
iberostar averroes is a beachfront resort , located in yasmine hammamet on the tunisian coast , 600 meters from carthage land hammamet .
the famous temple bar is a 30 - minute walk away .
a variety of drinks can be ordered from the groove bar .
featuring elegant sri lankan - style décor , fan - cooled rooms come fitted with a seating area , a work desk and mosquito nets .
spread over 2 floors , the house offers a seating area with a fireplace and a tv . there is a dining area and the kitchen is equipped with a microwave , oven and a dishwasher .
the property also offers a mini - market .
parking is available in an enclosed courtyard and a buffet breakfast is served daily .
mas lou peyloubet features free wifi .
the nearest airport is chania international airport , 6 km from myrtia beach house .
guests benefit from terrace and a sun terrace .
set in a former post office , it offers rooms with free wifi , some with sea views .
it takes a 15 - minute drive from silver sea hotels to da nang international airport .
breakfast is served daily and includes sweet and savoury items , such as cold cuts , cereals and hot drinks .
hotel kapu is located in front of the capu puebla bus station and 15 minutes ' drive from 5 de mayo industrial park .
family guest house is located in vishnevka , 500 metres from the black sea .
the more spacious suites have a seating area .
boasting a private pool , villa reisya is a villa located in nusa dua .
you will find a shared kitchen at the property .
burgas airport is reachable within 26 km .
all rooms at bed and breakfast misseo have light décor and a private bathroom complete with a hairdryer and a set of toiletries .
a continental breakfast is served daily and nearby outdoor activities include via ferrata , hiking , and golf .
the apartment consists of two separate rooms , and will provide you with a flat - screen cable tv and a seating .
some apartments boast a private terrace with outdoor furniture .
the nearest restaurant is 500 metres away .
all units feature a flat - screen tv .
kirchberg village centre can be reached in the same time .
the unit is 26 km from kissimmee .
varna airport is located 8 km away .
this house boasts beautiful tropical gardens .
dry cleaning , laundry and airport shuttle services are provided at an extra cost .
situated a few minutes from lake ossiach with a private lakeshore , gasthof pension schlosswirt offers bright rooms with wooden furniture and free wi - fi .
all rooms feature lcd - tvs and you have free access to the spa and fitness centre .
at urban deca homes condominium , guests can access the club house .
the property offers a sauna , a whirlpool , a private terrace with barbecue facilities and sea view from the first floor .
you can enjoy city view from the room .
guests can prepare their own meals using the fully equipped kitchen or visit one of the many restaurants within 500 metres serving seafood and fish dishes .
it offers modern self - catering accommodation with air conditioning , as well as an on - site restaurant and a bar .
each room comes with a private bathroom and is equipped with a minibar , air conditioning and a tv .
for your comfort , you will find bathrobes and free toiletries .
nearby attractions include silver oaks golf & country club ( 6 minutes ' drive ) and colt creek state park ( 16 minutes ' drive ).
a 24 - hour front desk is offered at lincoln south days inn . other facilities offered include a vending machine . the property offers free parking .
vleurgat tram and bus stop are within 50 metres from hotel brussels .
thongsala pier is a 40 - minute drive from mai pen rai bungalows . full moon party beach , haad rin can be reached within a 40 - minutes speedboat ride .
the coach house inn , manor house estaurant and tea rooms along with the muddy duck coffee shop all serve a range of hot meals , snacks and hot and cold drinks throughout the day and early evening .
the spa centre includes a turkish bath and a sauna .
cafes and markets are a 5 - minute walk from house on lenin street .
breakfast is continental - style , while the restaurant serves both local specialities and classic italian cuisine .
the jewish ghetto is 5 minutes ’ walk away .
all rooms include a tv with cable channels .
the flamingo offers bright rooms with free wi - fi in the centre of cali .
the serfaus - fiss - ladis ski area is a 7 - minute walk away .
guests can relax on the furnished sun terrace and there is a children ' s play area .
the night club kleopatra is housed in the same building , and offers a variety of beverages and shows .
all properties include a large living area with a sofa set and a flat - screen tv with satellite channels , while the well - equipped kitchen comes with an oven , hob , microwave , dishwasher , and an electric kettle .
at barry ' s country retreat you will find a tennis court , meeting facilities and a shared lounge .
it is served in the breakfast room of the ca ' fortuny , or on the terrace in good weather .
private daily yoga classes are available .
all units are non smoking .
cable tv and a seating area are included in each air - conditioned room at four seasons inn branson .
rooms at ciuci ' s are decorated with pastel shades and traditional furniture .
each room has a seating area and a work desk .
free private parking is available on site .
drinks and light refreshments can be enjoyed at ak ' s lounge .
private bathrooms come either with a shower or a bathtub .
every room at this hotel is air conditioned and is fitted with a flat - screen tv with satellite channels . an electric kettle and refrigerator can be found in the guest rooms .
the bliss hotel seychelles is only 8 minutes ’ drive to beau vallon beach and victoria town ’ s centre .
verona la quinta inn and suites is 15 minutes ’ drive to the international boxing hall of fame .
local dining outlets can be found within 10 metres from the property .
the property is 300 metres from the seville cathedral . triana bridge - isabel ii bridge is 800 metres from overland suites catedral , while plaza de armas is 1 . 1 km from the property .
all rooms at the benita come with either private or shared bathroom facilities and a tv .
luoyang airport is 13 km away .
free wi - fi is available throughout the entire hotel .
guests can take a plunge in the indoor heated swimming pool or work out in the fitness area free of charge .
at complex europa l . g you will find a 24 - hour front desk , a terrace and a bar .
the villa features eight air - conditioned bedrooms complete with a flat - screen cable tv and a balcony .
guests can wake up with a cup of complimentary coffee or tea .
free parking is available on site .
the surrounding area is perfect for hiking and other mountain activities .
you can fire up the barbecue for a tasty meal and enjoy the garden in fair weather . private parking is available on site .
surrounded by greenery , guest house elena is located in kriushkino , 500 metres from lake pleshcheyevo .
located on the mediterranean cliffs , nazar beach hotel offers an outdoor pool with water slides , and spa facilities .
bolzano , the provincial capital , is 12 km from the hotel .
decorated with classic wooden style , each accommodation has a dining area with an electric kettle .
porto velho airport is 6 . 3 km away .
gran sol looks onto the atlantic ocean in zahara de los atunes , andalucia .
free wi - fi is available .
guest rooms and bungalows are both equipped with a flat - screen tv and free wi - fi .
featuring an indoor and an outdoor pool , authentic apartments in " kraljevi cardaci " offer self - catering accommodation within the kraljevi čardaci spa complex in kopaonik . free wifi access is available in all areas .
a washing machine is also available .
the hotel has its own private beach area and a large garden with a designated barbecue area .
a ski storage room with a ski boot dryer is at guests ’ disposal and the property is fitted with a lift . free private parking is possible on site and guests can make use of a storage room for bicycles .
they are styled in cream - coloured hues and some of them feature private balconies with seating areas .
ottaviano metro , a 5 - minute walk from the vatican museums , is 5 stops from battistini station .
šipun cave is at a distance of 800 metres .
a microwave , mini - fridge and coffee maker are equipped in all rooms at sleep inn & suites . a flat - screen cable tv and a work desk are also provided .
the private bathrooms are fitted with a shower .
featuring free wifi throughout the property , hotel inju on baraeva 9 offers accommodation in astana .
restaurants and a supermarket is located within 2 km radius and shelley centre can be reached within 7 minutes by car .
rooms here come with a seating area and an electric kettle .
each of the homely apartments comes with air conditioning , modern cooking facilities , and satellite tv . the interior design is characterized by gentle shades of salmon and peach .
the free private parking spaces are equipped with an engine heater .
airport shuttle can be arranged for .
there is also a swing and a sandpit available for the kids .
all rooms at hotel bilan are located in refurbished prison cells .
free private parking is provided in the premises .
free private parking and free wi - fi access are provided on site .
an en suite bathroom is provided as well and comes with free toiletries .
outdoor seating options are available .
the apartment features free wi - fi .
surrounded by greenery , each tent and tree house offers natural ventilation and a veranda with mountain and valley views .
the restaurant serves daily breakfast in open buffet style .
guided snowshoeing tours are available on request .
the private bathroom includes a shower , hairdryer and free toiletries .
bad ischl is 18 km from the property .
the private bathroom comes with bath and shower ; and bed linen and towels are also provided .
it features a private beach , open from may to september .
all rooms have a work desk and the junior suite also has a minibar and tea / coffee makers .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with towels .
some units include views of the river or garden .
the à la carte restaurant serves traditional dishes .
krupówki , a city promenade is only 50 metres away .
it features air - conditioned rooms and free bike rental , plus lobby wi - fi are free .
hotel gold leaf is 500 metres from the market and the city palace .
the silvrettacenter leisure centre is about 600 metres away .
a flat - screen tv , en suite bathroom and tea / coffee making facilities are featured in each room at innkeeper ' s lodge exeter , clyst st george .
the rooms at carlton hotel feature a marble spa bath .
guestrooms at the hampton inn atlanta / douglasville include coffee and tea facilities .
the restaurant cooks with fresh , local ingredients .
a tv is offered .
the fish market is 500 metres from the apartment .
chambre d ' hôtes de la carriere romaine is 1 km from le carré contemporary art museum , 1 . 5 km from notre - dame cathedral in nîmes and 2 km from esplanade charles de gaulle .
zoran apartments provide guests with free - to - use barbecue equipment . walking paths by the sea abound on the island .
simonovskiy val apartment offers accommodation in moscow . the apartment is 3 . 8 km from gorky park .
free wi - fi is included in the apartments .
you will have a fully equipped kitchenette and satellite tv . bed linen and bath towels are included .
this property is 83 km from thessaloniki .
the hotel is 11 . 7 km from cairngorm mountain .
within a 100 - metre reach , you can find a grocery store , as well as a bar and a restaurant .
the hotel has a convenient location close to the airports of nice and cannes .
each apartment consists of a bedroom , a kitchen , a living room and a bathroom with shower and toilet .
overlooking the garden , the rooms of liogerma are decorated with leather or dark - wooden beds and soft colours .
at hotel royal palace you will find a 24 - hour front desk . other facilities offered at the property include a tour desk .
terrassa is 40 km from sitges group - playa san sebastián , while sabadell is 42 km away . el prat airport is 23 km from the property .
guests can enjoy a drink or enjoy a meal in the property ' s bar .
a buffet breakfast is prepared every morning at le petit coq aux champs and you can enjoy a drink from the bar .
a 1 . 5 - hour boat ride takes guests to samui airport .
cathedral of christ the saviour is 4 . 3 km from skyapartments , while pushkin museum of fine arts is 4 . 3 km away .
a fitness centre is located on site . ski storage is available .
free internet access is available in public areas and free private parking is available on site .
this apartment is located in a town villa in hameln , a 9 - minute walk from the river weser .
all feature a laptop safe , coffee / tea makers , a minibar , ironing facilities and a work desk .
the property offers free parking .
free parking and wi - fi are available .
elena rauschen apartment 2 offers accommodation in filino , 32 km from kaliningrad . the unit is 1 . 9 km from svetlogorsk .
they come with air conditioning and an lcd tv with satellite channels .
a flat - screen tv with cable channels , as well as a seating area and private bathroom with shower , are found in each guest room .
certain units are air conditioned and all feature a private or shared bathroom .
some rooms also feature a marble fireplace , a four - poster bed or a balcony overlooking victoria street .
antalya airport is 96 km away .
the apartment is 4 km from tbilisi opera and ballet theatre .
other facilities like laundry facilities are offered .
for ldinner , the chef prepares a fine mix of meat and fish dishes accompanied by a buffet of appetizers and vegetables .
there is tea - and - coffee making facilities , and fresh juices .
all units have a dining area and a seating area with a tv .
books , games , free wi - fi and a telescope are all provided to keep guests entertained .
it is just 3 km from sarimsakli beach .
it features an ice - cream parlour and a shaded terrace overlooking the harbour .
the living room has a flat - screen tv and 2 sofa beds , while kitchen facilities include a microwave , fridge and hob .
guests can relax on the 8000 - square - foot terrace .
situated on the edge of the veluwe and within a 10 - minute bicycle ride from the city centre of wageningen , this holiday home offers self - catering accommodation with free private parking on site .
all rooms have private bathrooms and include free wifi , an ipod docking station , and a work desk .
on the shore of miho bay , kaike grand hotel features an outdoor pool , a waterside tea lounge and open - air hot - spring baths with ocean views .
this beachfront property offers a communal sauna , a hot tub and a garden .
there is also an outdoor dining area , and a sitting area with sofa .
only a 10 - minute walk from bellas artes metro station , parlamento offers rooms with cable tv in central santiago .
it features gaudí - style architecture and offers an outdoor swimming pool and barbecue facilities .
the bathroom comes with a shower .
private parking .
the master bedroom includes an en suite bathroom , while the other two bedrooms come with a shared bathroom .
non smoking holiday home hybenvej skjern vi is located on a forest plantation plot in lem .
palma and its airport are around 45 minutes ' drive away .
cark beach , a 5 - minute drive away , is ideal for windsurfing .
each room at this bed and breakfast features a flat - screen tv . you will find a kettle in the room .
the unit is fitted with a kitchenette .
massages can be organized on site .
each rooms comes with air conditioning and heating facilities .
guests can also use the equipped kitchenettes in their rooms to prepare meals for an additional charge .
all rooms at hotel herning have a tv , work desk and a private bathroom with shower . most rooms have a private entrance .
a complimentary breakfast is served each morning .
air - conditioned rooms in adika hotel bahtera also come with a fridge , minibar and an electric kettle .
located just few steps away from cafes and a shopping area , hotel royal is also a good starting point for trips to unesco - listed studenica monastery , which is 29 km away .
for a more intimate dining experience , trentina restaurant offers authentic italian ingredients from well - known chefs .
the nearest shops and the nearest restaurant are 1 , 3 km . away .
the zeller see lake can be reached in a 5 - minute walk .
baza otdykha ivolga also includes a barbecue .
it has a 24 - hour reception , free private parking and provides free wifi access in the modern guest rooms .
the lively istiklal street is 500 metres from away and free wifi is accessible throughout .
a 24 - hour front desk is also available .
there are also other restaurants in the surrounding area .
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
café pension the chandelier is located in terneuzen and has free wifi access available .
cityzen is a 15 - minute drive from sanur beach and a 20 - minute drive from downtown denpasar .
asian and international a la carte meals are served at the elegant dining area .
huay nam dang national park is located 25 km away from 32 coffee hill & resort .
locanda alpe quaggione trattoria con camere is 10 km from omegna and lake orta .
en suite bathroom offers a shower and towels .
at jamund noclegi you will find a 24 - hour front desk , a shared kitchen and a bar .
early risers can enjoy free tea , coffee and toast from 04 : 00 .
guests can either cook at their kitchen or explore the local restaurants , located within 100 metres .
all rooms come with clean bedding .
kristijan apartments offers a garden and a common terrace equipped with free to use barbecue facilities . the property offers free private parking .
there is also a grocery store nearby .
moskovsky train station is 14 . 6 km away , and pulkovo international airport is 9km from apartments uzhnaya korona on zvezdnaya .
all rooms have a private bathroom . extras include bath robes and free l ' occitane toiletries .
steam rooms and a fitness centre are also onsite .
the rooms are decorated in rustic style and come with a tv and fan .
universal studios is 23 minutes ’ drive away .
it offers a kitchen with an oven , a fridge and a microwave and a tv is available on request at an extra charge .
hotel odyssey is quietly situated in the centre of ruse .
the spa at macdonald marine hotel features an indoor swimming pool , thermal suite , hydro pool and gym .
a private bathroom is equipped with free toiletries and a hot / cold water shower .
free wifi is offered throughout the property .
the wet ‘ n wild waterskiing area on bernsteinsee lake is just 4 . 5 km away . the velten ( mark ) train station is 2 . 3 km from the hotel velten amarillo .
some rooms face florence cathedral or the medici chapels .
facilities include an indoor pool , 2 outdoor pools and water slides .
just 4 . 5 km from fréjus beach , it also offers a soundproofed nightclub and evening entertainment .
every day , a breakfast buffet is served and a stylish restaurant serving czech cuisine is also available .
breakfast is served daily in a café just 20 metres from the hotel .
wifi access is available free of charge in the public areas of the derby hotel .
located on the coastal road of livanates , just 20 metres from kiani akti beach , hotel akti offers air - conditioned rooms with free wifi .
centro hotel north provides bright rooms decorated with contemporary furniture and decorative wall art .
bread roll delivery is available on request .
the bathroom has a bath and includes a hairdryer .
many shops and restaurants are located within 1 km as well as taxi boats and public transports .
the olomouc - nové sady train station is 500 metres away .
federico garcía lorca airport is 68 km away .
a dishwasher , oven and are included in the kitchen .
it includes a seating area with sofa and a flat - screen tv . the bathroom also comes with a shower .
rooms offer garden views and include a tv and en suite bathroom with free toiletries .
the air itam market is 400 metres away from the property , and the nearest airport is penang international airport , 12 km away from the property .
a shuttle is available to / from levanto train station 700 metres away .
bathroom facilities are en suite and come with shower facilities and free toiletries .
located a 20 - minute drive from the centre of oudtshoorn , ou tol - cango retreat offers individual suites set in log cabins next to the riverfront .
worlds of fun amusement park is a 20 - minute drive from fairfield kansas city .
' t alems stalhuys is a self - catering accommodation located in alem , 11 km from den bosch .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk which can assist guests with currency exchange , luggage storage and tour arrangements .
poor phil ́ s restaurant , located on the first floor of the carleton , is serves breakfast , lunch and dinner daily .
some have a balcony .
the guest house is 1 . 4 km from the lively area of trastevere and 1 . 5 km from the colosseum .
it is a 10 - minute walk from the visitor information centre which provides information on local activities such as winery tours , whale - watching tours and even camel rides .
zajazd saga is located in a quiet area near a forest in pniewo , 7 km from the border with germany in mescherin and less than 15 km from szczecin .
a flat - screen tv is offered .
the on - site restaurant serves western and asian dishes , as well as caters for room service .
the trip involves a boat trip to the wonderful nearby islands for diving and snorkelling .
an airport shuttle is available upon request .
you will have free wifi and free parking on site .
guests can play a few rounds of golf 7 minutes ’ drive away at monroe city golf course .
just 200 metres from the circuit de catalunya race track , ibis montmeló granollers is a 30 - minute drive from barcelona .
a microwave , refrigerator and cable tv are included in each room . suites are equipped with a full kitchen and seating area .
sassari is a one - hour drive away .
seaport bar & brasserie is a pleasant setting for a light meal or an evening drink .
located 58 miles from salt lake city , this brigham city motel is a short walk away from a variety of restaurants .
a cable tv is in every room and some also include a private balcony .
guests can relax in the parlour room , which features a baby grand piano and a fireplace , or admire the scenery from the terrace .
located on the fourth floor of the business centre batumi plaza , a 2 - minute walk from batumi bay , plaza hotel features an indoor swimming pool , a spa and wellness centre , a sauna , massage services , and free wi - fi access throughout the property .
local dishes from the aegean cuisine can be served in the courtyard upon guest ’ s request .
surrounded by gently rolling hills , the haus seeblick ’ s apartments are between 32 and 47 m2 in size and feature comfortable furniture .
set in paris , this apartment features free wifi .
the villa is set into 2 levels and has an open - plan living room with a flat - screen satellite tv , a spacious indoor and outdoor dining area and a fully equipped kitchen .
a ski bus stops 100 metres away .
all the rooms at upton cross b & b feature a flat - screen tv , tea / coffee making facilities and an en suite shower room .
adler - sochi international airport is 25 km from the property .
offering a restaurant , ambre d ' hôtes is located in dakar .
rooms feature an lcd tv with satellite channels , free wi - fi access and a minibar .
new mexico mining museum is 6 . 4 km from travelodge grants .
guests can cook their meals in the fully equipped kitchen , complete with a dining area .
all rooms in the jicin hotel feature a satellite tv and tea and coffee making facilities .
a shared kitchen and a shared living room with a flat - screen cable tv are available for guest use .
extras include towels and linen .
they are equipped with flat - screen tvs and minibars , and some offer views of the atlantic or a spa bath .
every unit features a private bathroom with a hairdryer .
it offers a cafe and free on - site parking .
it will take 2 minutes to walk to ulitsa frunze bus stop from like hostel tula .
it provides a 24 - hour front desk for the convenience of the guests .
an oven and a microwave can be found in the kitchen and there is a private bathroom . a tv is offered .
a shared outdoor terrace with tables and bbq facilities are also featured .
you can prepare meals in the kitchen .
at riad dollar des sables you will find massage sessions and a terrace .
rooms at the pietre preziose b & b all come with a flat - screen tv , minibar and tiled floors . the private bathroom includes a hairdryer and free toiletries .
all units offer a fridge and a tea / coffee maker .
the restaurant serves regional cuisine and a continental breakfast .
the salotto veneziano bar is complete with a private library with free daily newspapers .
the hotel offers free on - site parking .
the hotel ’ s restaurant has a terrace next to the river .
a public pool can be found in the centre of heiligenblut and another one in großkirchheim , which is a 15 - minute drive away .
pisa tower hostel has a shared living room and library with a fireplace and sofa , plus a games room with board games and playstation console .
each air - conditioned apartment includes a balcony .
the individual rooms at country park inn are set in a separate annexe building , and each has a private shower room .
a home - made 3 - course breakfast using local ingredients is served each morning at gîte le royal champêtre .
set 3 . 8 km from bitsa park in moscow , this apartment features a balcony . the apartment is 7 km from luzhniki stadium .
the guest house is within walking distance of plenty of shops , bars and restaurants .
the property is just 500 metres from the beach and 3 km from new old town .
the hotel boasts a tremendous location to discover the petite france , the cathedral as well as the museums .
mandarin shopping centre is 1 km away .
ruidu shanglv hotel ( zhanqian ) is a short 100 metres from wenzhou railway station , and 15 km from south wenzhou railway station .
guests can play lawn bowls and table tennis at the hotel .
after a day exploring the algarve coast , guests can relax on a poolside sun lounger while gazing at the boats anchored at the marina .
shower facilities and a hairdryer can be found in the private bathroom .
modern - styled rooms feature a flat - screen cable tv and come with a fully equipped bathroom with bathrobe and slippers .
haus marina also includes a sun terrace .
featuring free wifi , a barbecue and a children ' s playground , приличный дом в коктебеле offers pet - friendly accommodation in koktebel , 22 km from berehove .
apartmani vedrana is a self - catering accommodation located in klenovica .
mogadouro is 32 km , while miranda do douro is reachable in a 30 - minute drive .
breakfast is available in the spacious café - bar .
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings , including canoeing and hiking .
at professional but friendly hotel capitol you will also benefit from free wifi access and free garage parking on site .
offering an outdoor pool and a private beach area , breeze cottages 2 is located in gelendzhik in the krasnodar region , 6 km from olymp entertainment park .
the nearest airport is moscow domodedovo airport , 21 km from the property .
situated in los angeles , 3 km from getty center , brentwood apartment features free wifi access and free private parking .
located in dubrovnik , apartment pero offers air - conditioned accommodation with free wifi access . the property is 2 km away from dubrovnik old town , while the nearest beach is 500 metres away .
after dinner , guests can relax with a drink in the bar .
penzion u balcarky is 10 km from the blansko castle , 20 km from the boskovice castle and 20 km from the small ski areas hluboká and hořice .
other property facilities include a 24 - hour front desk and luggage storage .
some units feature a seating area to relax in after a busy day .
every room includes a private bathroom equipped with a shower .
the lounge has a fireplace and a tv , while kitchen facilities include a microwave , fridge , oven , hob , washing machine and a dishwasher .
typical sicilian dishes are served at the restaurant .
the peaceful and scenic university botanic gardens are 15 minutes ’ walk away .
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower .
dimitrios apartments features free wifi throughout the property .
set within 3 km from palace of culture and science and a 15 - minute walk from lazienki park , you can find all you need is bruna street , a self - catering accommodation fitted with free public parking facilities .
rooms have an en suite bathroom and free wi - fi .
the bus stop can be reached within a 5 - minute walk .
it also has a cable tv and bed linens .
opéra bastille is 1 . 8 km from appartement pour 2 , while pompidou centre is 2 . 3 km from the property .
towels and bed linen are provided .
the nearest airport is simferopol airport , 80 km from the property .
at rolling hills villa you will find a garden .
located in krasnaya polyana , rodnik guest house offers free parking .
featuring a playful design , rooms at kombi hostel are equipped with shared bathroom facilities .
each includes a flat - screen tv with a dvd player , wifi access , tea and coffee making facilities and private bathrooms complete with hair dryers and complimentary handmade toiletries .
hotel asliyya grande operates a 24 - hour front desk to assist guests at all hours . it features 2 dining options and a free wifi connected business centre .
the odissea 2000 waterpark is a 20 - minute drive away .
all air - conditioned rooms feature rustic - style furniture and come with a private bathroom .
every unit is equipped with a private bathroom with a shower and free toiletries .
overlooking the cretan sea or the garden , the apartments of baladinos have a kitchenette with dining area , fridge and cooking hobs .
millau and its train station are 40 km away .
staff can arrange day tours , vehicle rentals and laundry service at additional charges .
there is a seating area , a dining area and a kitchenette complete with an oven and a fridge .
covilhã city is located 57 km away through serra da estrela natural park , providing a beautiful scenery for your journey .
a buffet breakfast is served every morning , and guests can have a drink in the bar .
skegness pier is 0 . 5 miles away , whilst gibraltar point national nature reserve is an 8 - minute drive from the property .
the hostel is a 7 - minute drive from the palace of emperor qin area and qing ming shang he tu area . hengdian coach station is about 10 - minute drive away . it takes 1 hour to drive to yiwu airport .
the rooms are equipped with a flat - screen tv with cable channels .
guests can leave their car at the accommodations and go on excursions by boat , bicycle , bus or train .
surrounded by the tuscan countryside , agriturismo la disperata is 2 km from the centre of san quirico d ’ orcia .
a pick - up service can be organised against surcharge .
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings , including skiing , cycling and fishing .
the seating area has a fireplace , sofas and flat - screen tv .
the city centre is a 5 - minute walk away .
the room balconies offer great views .
the property is a 25 - minute drive from monopoli , on the apulian coast .
just 30 metres from riccione ' s beaches , trampolines suite hotel features a large terrace with free sun loungers , a hot tub and bar .
luggage can be stored at the property upon request .
popular rocha beach is 11 km from the house .
the two - bedroom accommodation will provide a cable tv , free wifi and a dvd player .
guests can enjoy a view from all the rooms .
harderwold golf club is just over a 5 - minute car journey from de sternhof . the centre of harderwijk is 10 minutes ’ drive away .
offering magnificent sea views , lindos imperial guest rooms are perfectly equipped with air conditioning , lcd satellite tv , music channels , fridge , safety deposit box , stone floors .
it houses a fitness centre , a tour desk and a restaurant .
featuring a garden with bbq facilities , san vito villa offers a self - catering house in san vito lo capo . the beachfront is a 15 - minute walk from the property .
the wine cellar is stocked with veneto ' s finest labels .
it includes a double bed , 2 single beds , and a bathroom with shower .
this harlem property is within a 5 - minute walk of the morris - jumel mansion , which is a historic revolutionary war site .
featuring a bath or shower , private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
the maladroxia is 8 km from the nearest shopping centre and restaurants .
the accommodations at le refuge feature free wifi access , fully equipped kitchens , full bathrooms and offer stunning views of the surrounding mountains and lake .
all units feature a seating area . there is also a kitchenette , equipped with a refrigerator .
each functional air - conditioned apartment has garden views and a fully equipped kitchen .
featuring a garden with a seasonal outdoor pool and mountain views , this 2 - bedroom house in denia also has a terrace with barbecue facilities .
free parking is provided .
slippers and free toiletries are also at guests ’ disposal .
special diet menus can also be prepared for lunch and dinner .
it provides peaceful accommodation with free wifi internet access and free parking .
this resort is in the mountain village of prullans , with beautiful views over cerdanya valley and the pyrenees . it includes free wifi , an indoor and an outdoor pool and a wellness centre .
toranomon subway station is a 5 - minute walk away .
novy vek shopping centre is 800 metres from apart - hotel lenina 57 .
guests receive unlimited access to a private boat with a captain to explore the surroundings .
a buffet breakfast is served daily in the hotel ' s inviting dining room .
the 24 - hour front desk provides fax and photocopying services .
all accommodations are non - smoking and feature a microwave , a small refrigerator and tea and coffee - making facilities .
the hotel also offers free use of bicycles .
each room has a seating area and a private bathroom .
featuring a mountain and valley view , each room offers a flat - screen cable tv , free toiletries and an en suite bathroom at the inn at steamboat .
rita ' s house is an apartment set in sanremo , 600 metres from la pigna .
every room at this guest house is air conditioned and features a tv .
tables , chairs , sunbeds and umbrellas surround the pool area .
the on - site restaurant specialises in local cuisine and international specialities , with organic food and special diet menus also available .
taxis stop right outside the hotel .
guests can buy freshly baked bread at the bakery next door and prepare their own meals using the items from the grocery store which is a 5 - minute walk away .
featuring a patio , downtown spacious 2 - bedroom condo is located in salt lake city .
the property is 4 km away from eichstätt .
this house offers a terrace , a fireplace and a flat - screen tv . the bathrooms are complete with bath or shower , toilet and hairdryer .
set 4 km from george enescu memorial house in sinaia , this apartment features free wifi . guests benefit from balcony .
muragala is situated in weligama , 800 metres from kushtarajagala .
other facilities like a games room , laundry facilities and a vending machine are offered .
free wi - fi is available at reception and in the andalucia ’ s snack bar .
krasnodar international airport is 1590 km away .
a rich continental breakfast is served each day .
surrounded by the tuscan countryside , hotel le rotonde offers a large garden with a pool overlooking the natural surroundings .
king royal garden inn is just one skytrain station away from the chao phraya river , and a 10 - minute skytrain journey from siam square .
a variety of bars , restaurants and grocery shops can be found in the centre of sveti lovreč .
hotel begonias - chiclayo features free wifi throughout the property .
the bars and restaurants of central chester are within a 10 - minute walk of the property and chester railway station is less than 1 mile away .
fitted with dark - wooden furnishings and tiled floors , the air - conditioned studios of toroni bay come with a kitchenette with fridge and cooking hobs .
amolls restaurant i habitacions offers spacious , air - conditioned rooms in the centre of the la garrotxa nature reserve .
you will also find lots of scenic hiking and cycling trails close to the hotel .
the suites feature private balconies offering caribbean ocean views .
they come equipped with a minibar and a private bathroom with a hairdryer .
they are all equipped with satellite tv , safe , fridge and private balcony or terrace .
chicago international airport is 40 minutes ’ drive away .
this working farm offers an outdoor pool , free wifi and a traditional restaurant .
the family - run hotel is located in the village of wißmannsdorf , in the eifel mountains .
the airport in salzburg is 60 km away .
the tyrolean - style rooms feature a balcony with mountain views , a flat - screen satellite tv , and a bathroom .
each room is en suite and also includes a tv .
the on - site restaurant serves breakfast only .
the public bath features natural hot spring water during the summer .
surrounded by beautiful gardens , dasada , the flower es ' senses resort offers stylish accommodation with private balconies overlooking the gardens and free wi - fi access . it boasts an outdoor pool and on - site dining options .
it takes 10 minutes by taxi to admiralty and central business district .
on - site parking is possible .
this holiday home is 77 km from billund airport .
liège - guillemins train station is 2 . 3 km and the popular carré district is just 300 metres from smartflats royal opera .
additional amenities include laundry and ironing facilities .
a selection of indonesian and western cuisines is served in the restaurant , while a variety of beverages are on offer at the bar .
rovaniemi airport is 11 km from the property .
hôtel l ' eolienne , located in perpignan , is a residence offering self - catering studios .
apartments and studios have modern décor , air conditioning and colourful details .
monti sibillini national park is 30 km from the property .
a kids ’ pool is also available .
the bed and breakfast is a 15 - minute drive from both port campbell and peterborough .
there is a shared lounge at the property .
the hotel is a 15 - minute drive from the kartala lift .
each cottage has a bathroom , a furnished terrace and barbecue facilities .
the buffet restaurant at roc illetas serves international food .
an outdoor pool highlights this victorian style inn in osage beach .
gävle castle is 900 metres from villastadens pendlarbostad , while railroad museum is 2 . 5 km away .
extras include a barbecue , bed linen and cleaning products .
we also have a car park at your disposal in front of the hotel .
for preparing your own food , you can stock up on necessities from the grocery store 50 metres away .
it is 800 metres to manneken pis , 700 metres to brussels - central train station and 400 metres to brussels ’ city hall and the king ’ s house .
the nearest airport is adler - sochi international airport , 89 km from hotel aliya .
the atp stadium stella maris is located at a distance of 1 . 5 km .
the property has a private beach area and a buggy is available for guests ' transfer .
the apartment features ironing facilities .
guests can enjoy playing table tennis . on request , bicycles can also be borrowed at bella vista free of charge .
the nearest airport is samana el catey international airport , 19 km from the property .
guests at the property can enjoy the local and international gastronomy served at the on - site restaurant .
lemon hotel - rouen is located in le mesnil esnard , 5 . 6km from rouen airport .
the catedral de cuernavaca is 46 minutes ’ drive away .
located in the centre of pernera resort , lee apartment is part of a complex with an outdoor pool and a restaurant .
set in 25 hectares of gardens , the rey juan carlos is 15 minutes ’ walk from fc barcelona ’ s camp nou stadium .
platja de la granadella beach is 4 km away .
other services ( toiletries and late check - out ) are available at the hotel for an extra fee .
the air - conditioned rooms at terra parque eco resort are all equipped with a tv , telephone and minibar .
several have a shared bathroom .
at leisure , you can go fishing , cycling and horse riding .
the complex features panoramic views of the coast .
each of the guest rooms includes satellite tv and air conditioning , ensuring a comfortable stay at lale pension .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including skiing and cycling .
accommodation will provide you with a flat - screen tv and cable channels .
offering free wi - fi , this apartment is quietly situated in the schoeneberg district of berlin .
apartamento montecala v - pc071 offers accommodation in benitachell , 31 km from benidorm . apartamento montecala v - pc071 features views of the mountain and is 42 km from gandía .
on the house is a 20 - minute drive from nizamuddin railway station and new delhi railway station .
there are 2 shared living rooms at the property , one with table football and and a fireplace and the other with a library .
the hotel ' s in - hour restaurant serves chinese cuisine from 10 : 00 to 22 : 00 hrs daily .
day trips can be organised at the tour desk or guests can take advantage of the car rental facility to explore the area .
the nearest city , gilleleje is 7 km away .
parking is free of charge .
the popular via veneto street can be reached in 15 minutes on foot .
check - in is available until 22 : 00 .
an indoor swimming pool and a sauna complex are also featured at lime hotel .
with the light rail station only a few blocks away , guests at the knights inn can easily visit the space needle and the famed pike place market . safeco field , home to baseball ' s mariners , is also a short distance away .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
the elegant , air - conditioned rooms feature antique wooden furniture and rich fabrics .
activities such as snorkelling and water sports can be arranged at eagle beach , 600 metres away .
backpackers ' inn is located in rostock , directly next to rostock - marienehe train station . free wi - fi access is available , and the hostel hosts regular exchanges for foreign languages students .
private bathrooms are fitted with showers and free toiletries , while the living room features cable tv .
all the 6 , private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and a bathtub or a shower .
staff at the reception desk can assist with luggage storage service .
evi house lies 4 km from portokali beach and around 15 km from kalamitsi beach .
each studio offers a kitchenette equipped with a microwave , a fridge and a stove .
holiday home sommervej faxe ladeplads xi is located in fakse .
qingdao happy bird nest qianhai huayuan offers affordable accommodation in qingdao .
extras include a desk .
at baan kun koey hua hin by the ocean you will find a terrace . other facilities like a shared lounge are offered .
the property features an indoor swimming pool and an on - site restaurant with both chinese and western cuisines .
a breakfast tray of pre - packaged fruit juice and pastries is delivered daily to your room .
restaurant lielupe provides its guests with an extensive international , latvian and russian cuisine .
the georgia aquarium is 21 km away , and the world of coca - cola is 20 . 3 km away from the property .
offering free wifi , rooms feature warm colors and plantation - style shutters that allow for natural light .
come and stay in the hotel castellina and take it easy in the modern and comfortable rooms .
some rooms offer additional space .
francisco hotel also provides a restaurant serving italian cuisine and specialities from the campania region .
all rooms are air conditioned and feature a tv .
other facilities at christine house vryses include a barbecue .
the el cason ’ s restaurant offers a free buffet breakfast each morning .
the williamsburg winery is 16 minutes away .
the spa town of chianciano terme is 30 minutes away by car .
both peter and paul fortress and neva river are within 15 km .
towels and bed linen are available in this self - catering accommodation .
live sports are shown in the flat - screen tv .
the hotel offers free transfer service from ferry port .
pas aleksandra also includes a barbecue .
each consists of a seating area with sofa and flat - screen tv , as well as a kitchen with stove and dining area .
there is a full a kitchen with a microwave and a refrigerator .
this maritim hotel features elegant rooms and a spa with an indoor pool . the 4 - star - superior hotel is located next to a large park in central bremen , and is close to all main tourist attractions in this hanseatic city .
located in marbella , apartamento bahía blanca features views of the sea and is set 450 metres from the beach .
set in the scenic erz mountains and surrounded by peaceful gardens , this elegant 4 - star hotel features a traditional façade , a relaxing spa and rooms with classical furnishings .
an evening turn - down service is provided .
surrounded by a garden , this paipa cabaña campestre el refugio is rustic - style house with a full kitchen and a balcony .
a turkish breakfast is served every morning .
regional specialties , as well as a selection of drinks are available in the guest house ’ s restaurant .
the private bathroom comes with a hairdryer , bathrobes and welcome amenities such as slippers .
situated in wismar , denkmal 13 is just a 3 - minute walk from the baltic sea coast .
antik tatlidede konagi in mardin offers free wi - fi and air conditioning .
located in ryazan , 1000 i odna noch inn offers a spa and wellness centre , sauna , hot tub and indoor pool .
guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant on site .
krabi success beach resort offers bicycle and limousine rentals .
the apartment features a seating area and a flat - screen tv with both cable and satellite channels .
the nearest restaurant is 200 metres from haus oetz , whilst the closest grocery shop can be reached within 400 metres .
bike hire is available at this homestay and the area is popular for hiking .
no meals are served at the property , but guests can prepare their own meals using the kitchen .
staff at the 24 - hour reception counter will be happy to assist you with currency exchange services and bicycle / car rentals .
the apartments have kitchen facilities including a microwave and a fridge .
in summer , the in - house restaurant and bar serves a variety of swedish and international dishes .
a sweet and savoury buffet breakfast is provided daily and includes cheese , cold cuts , and coffee .
these apartments at pineapple fields feature a tv and air conditioning .
refreshing drinks and beverages can be enjoyed at the hotel ’ s bars , which include a terrace bar and cocktail bar .
unwind completely in the modern and bright ambience of the hostel , with high - quality services and a dedicated staff .
bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for fishing and hiking .
guests can also select from 4 dining options including a poolside bar .
this hotel is 6 km from cosne - cours - sur - loire train station and 7 km from the a77 motorway .
guests can dine at sunhill chinese restaurant , which also provides room service .
free wifi is provided and free private parking is available on site .
a launderette is available as well .
honorio delgado regional hospital is 1 . 9 km from casa mores inn , while policlínico metropolitano is 2 . 1 km away .
the family - run filaktos studios is located in skala sotiros within 80 metres from the beach .
rajang lobby lounge features drinks , accompanied with music .
rio grande gorge bridge is 20 minutes ’ drive from the bed and breakfast .
the property also offers grocery delivery .
it offers modern apartments , as well as a restaurant and spa .
rhodes town is at 60 km away .
the hotel is also conveniently located in the commercial area where many business locations and offices are near - by .
free public parking is possible at a location nearby .
dubrovnik airport is 23 km away and shuttle can be arranged at a surcharge .
guests can enjoy coffee and light snacks in the café downstairs , or relax with a refreshing drink in the nearby beer garden .
free private parking is available on site .
a safety deposit box is also provided .
the property offers a partly covered terrace and can accommodate up to 10 persons .
the sardine festival is organized here every summer .
a washing machine is available for surcharge .
guests can hike through the rainforest or head to the river for a leisurely soak .
it offers free wi - fi and free parking .
free private parking is available on site .
it offers self - catering accommodation with views of mount vesuvius and free wifi access .
set atop cliffs along bali ’ s southern coast , alila villas uluwatu is a 30 - minute drive from ngurah rai international airport .
the hotel features 24 - hour room service , a tour desk and laundry services .
some rooms have a seating area where you can relax .
room service is available .
this 4 - star hotel is located in fulda city centre , 600 metres from fulda main station .
guests benefit from terrace .
secured private parking , with limited places , is available at a location nearby for an additional cost .
the next restaurant can be reached on foot in 3 minutes .
offering a tennis court , outdoor swimming pool and hot tub , la bastide d ' entremont is a villa located in aix - en - provence .
the beautiful bay , the villages and the historical sites are all waiting to be explored .
each morning the hot breakfast may consist of belgium waffles , eggs , yogurt and fruit .
offering free private parking , the property also has its own restaurant and 24 - hour reception .
some bathrooms are equipped with hydro massage .
the sayano - shushenskaya dam is 40 km from sayanogorsk hotel , and abakan airport is 87 km away .
ambergris lake villas offers on - site bbq facilities .
when ready to go out , ask at the tour desk for advice .
a 9 - minute drive will take you to the village of castejón de sos .
birds nest cottages is located in beaufort west and offers chalet accommodation with karoo style architecture .
rooms at the family - run balcony house are decorated in light shades and feature tvs and work desks .
rooms offer hdtvs and ipod docking stations , along with free wi - fi .
free parking and rooms with free wired internet access are provided .
a 10 - minute walk from jr tsuwano train station , tsuwano hotel features hot public baths , a ganban hot - stone spa and a sauna room .
daily housekeeping service is provided .
non - smoking rooms are provided upon request .
the restaurant serves as an open buffet style in the green garden full of flowers .
the property offers free parking .
the nearest airport is murcia - san javier airport , 30 km from the property .
other facilities include free wi - fi , a garden and a terrace with pergola .
london heathrow airport is 35 minutes away by public transport .
a flat - screen tv with satellite channels is standard in all rooms .
for guests ’ convenience , fort collins days inn provides a 24 - hour front desk and a safety deposit box .
the nearest airport is burgas airport , 21 km from mentor holiday hotel .
the bathroom is equipped with a bath .
the hometown inn north hills features a calming garden courtyard and poolside sun loungers are provided on the sun deck .
each has a private bathroom complete with a hairdryer , bathrobes , slippers and toiletries .
all accommodation units are individually decorated in romantic - style .
a varied breakfast buffet is provided each morning .
the private bathroom comes with shower .
locally - brewed harp lager is served in the hotel ' s chic bar .
blue pepper hostel downtown is located in guadalajara ’ s town centre , just 15 minutes ’ walk from the degollado theatre and the town hall museum .
this non - smoking property offers free wi - fi , free parking and air - conditioned rooms with a cable tv .
free wifi access is available in all areas .
some roman archaeological remains are 100 metres away , while banja monastery is at a distance of 1 km .
airport transfers and car rental can be arranged on site .
the property offers free wifi and is 2 km from cala major beach and 3 km from palma yacht club .
there is also a dining area and a barbecue on the terrace .
guests can soak in the spa bath in one bathroom or enjoy a shower in the other .
all cottages have a private bathroom with shower and toilet , and a seating area with a flat - screen tv . they also have a fully equipped kitchen with an oven , toaster , microwave , refrigerator , coffee machine and dishwasher .
all apartments feature a living room with satellite tv and a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
en suite bathrooms provide shower facilities .
the hotel is a 15 - minute walk or short tram ride into the city centre .
the on - site sauna and the steam bath , as well as laundry services , are available at a surcharge .
a rich breakfast buffet is offered each morning in the neustädter hof ' s breakfast room .
these fully - furnished apartments are all fitted with a sofa , free toiletries , a flat - screen tv with cable channels , a dining area , a fully - equipped kitchen and a balcony with a city view .
the thandi restaurant serves breakfast and light pre - packed snacks only , and in - room dining services are not available .
the hotel is 28 km from the a22 autostrada del brennero motorway .
guests can work out at the fitness centre , arrange interesting sightseeing trips at the tour desk , or use the meeting facilities .
futur hôtel is a modern property offering free wifi and a drinks vending machine , a 10 - minute walk from the futuroscope theme park .
each bright room at the rancho don cesar offers tiled floors , a fan and a desk . all rooms have a private bathroom with a shower and toilet .
ram jhula is 5 km from the property .
each is fitted with a private bathroom featuring a shower .
kata gardens luxury apartment also includes a fitness centre . guests can enjoy a meal at the on - site restaurant .
all rooms have heating and garden views .
the surrounding beaches are popular for water sports .
yuhai resort is a 5 - minute drive from sanya ’ s downtown area and a 10 - minute drive from sanya phoenix international airport .
free on - site parking and a children ’ s playground are both provided in front of the building .
the property offers free private parking .
pitch & putt golf course is 1 . 3 km away .
bbq facilities are also available for guests to use .
it offers air - conditioned rooms , free wi - fi , a restaurant and cocktail bar .
the motel features a front desk that is staffed 24 hours a day .
guests can try local wines in the vinothek wine cellar .
you can enjoy garden view from all the rooms .
some offer a balcony and some have a terrace .
caesarea harbor is a short drive away , while caesarea train station is 5 minutes away by car .
appartement stella is located just 500 metres from the ski lifts in chamonix and offers a terrace with views of mont blanc .
shinjuku train station is a 15 - minute train ride away from the nearest jr mitaka station .
guests can relax in the furnished shaded kiosk by the pool or benefit from the barbeque facilities found on site and enjoy al fresco dining .
it provides modern rooms with air conditioning and flat - screen cable tv .
hotel pearls offers accommodation in salem . guests can enjoy the on - site bar .
set in toulouse in the midi - pyrénées region , 3 km from toulouse expo , and a 15 - minute walk from matabiau train station ; hors - scène boasts a sun terrace and views of the garden .
with a clean and minimalist décor , this unit will provide you with a tv , air conditioning and an ipod dock .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out spa golf club piestany or the from chateau moravany nad vahom reachable within 2 . 2 km .
saolu is 7 km away from the villa .
guests can enjoy drinks and light snacks at kanpura coffee bar .
an outdoor swimming pool and sunbeds can also be used at the pürcherhof .
situated in the picturesque mountains of lech am arlberg , this 4 - star hotel features a sauna , hot tub , and a free shuttle service .
a bar and a summer garden with a seating area are also available .
oberwiesenthal is a 5 - minute drive by car .
guests can use the shared lounge on site and can enjoy breakfast in the dining room with terrace .
casetta gialla is set a 10 - minute drive from la spezia , and offers accommodation with free wifi .
free private parking is available on site .
a flat - screen tv with satellite channels is offered .
featuring a garden , a children ' s playground and an outdoor pool , cabañas peumayen offers self - catering accommodation with free wi - fi in colón . breakfast is served daily in the bungalows .
located in the centre of niort , mon appart à niort offers contemporary , self - catering apartments with free wi - fi access .
a bus stop with links to / from torino is 400 metres away from antiche mura .
the nearest airport is larnaca international airport , 12 km from the property .
guests can barbecue in the garden where tables and chairs are provided , as well as a wooden gazebos .
the restaurant offers breakfast buffet in the sunlit dining room .
each air - conditioned room at the rockford hilton garden inn is furnished with a microwave , refrigerator and coffee maker .
the bathroom comes with free toiletries .
guests may go for a massage treatment at the spa or make travel arrangements at the tour desk .
the centre of bagnone is a 10 - minute drive away .
free wi - fi access is provided .
free wifi access is available .
javorovača is 600 metres from hostel hikers den , while bosača is 2 . 3 km away .
guests can enjoy a drink in the bar at les quatre vents .
offering a barbecue and terrace , cappuccino is situated in divnomorskoye , 9 km from gelendzhik .
staff can arrange guided tours of the chianti area and trips to florence and siena .
the property is 35 km from seminyak area and 36 km from ngurah rai international airport .
for those who drive , free parking is provided .
there are two bedrooms : one room with a french bed ( 140 cm ) and a small room with two bunk beds ( length 200 cm ).
located 2 . 7 km from via zamboni , appartamento musica offers pet - friendly accommodation in bologna . the unit is 3 . 1 km from piazza maggiore .
nizza monferrato is 12 km from the ca ' del cinema , and alessandria can be reached in 35 minutes by car .
no meals are served on site .
you can play tennis at the property , and the area is popular for golfing and horse riding .
ferries to mainland italy leave from olbia , 40 km to the north , and it is a 40 - minute drive to costa smeralda airport .
other facilities like laundry facilities are offered .
towels and bed linen are provided .
the kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher . a flat - screen tv and dvd player is featured .
guests can enjoy a meal at the on - site restaurant .
district line services at west kensington run direct to london victoria in less than 15 minutes .
free parking is available at a nearby location .
central inn is a 90 - minute drive from lombok international airport .
the air - conditioned villa has rooms with mountain and pool views .
guests can take a refreshing swim in the swimming pool and relax in the surrounding sun loungers which overlook the green garden .
rooms include a flat - screen tv . some units include views of the sea or garden .
a sweet breakfast is served daily in the breakfast room .
cappuccino and espresso are made to order at the bar while you help yourself to a variety of sweet and savoury foods .
there is a full kitchenette with a dishwasher and oven .
hat sai ri and krom luang chumphon khet udomsak momumentis are 15 km from retro box hotel chumphon , thung wua laen is about 20 km . away .
a ski bus stop is situated in front of the house .
free wi - fi is available throughout the resort .
it provides rooms and studio apartments , free wi - fi internet access and a garden .
accommodation will provide you with air conditioning and a balcony .
arzon ’ s marina is a lively area where you will find many bars , restaurants and shops .
each apartment is individually themed on a famous dutch artist , ranging from masters such as rembrandt and vermeer , to the modern appel and brood .
situated directly opposite a large , sandy beach on preston seafront , our non - smoking hotel occupies a peaceful spot with no through - traffic .
this 2 - bedroom apartment combines a relaxed style with a modern feel . each bedroom has its singular décor , and the bathroom comes with a bath .
guests can visit the outdoor swimming pool and the aqua dome thermal bath , 1 . 5 km away , or horseback riding stables , also 1 . 5 km away from the schmidhof .
the accommodation will provide you with a tv and a terrace .
all rooms at the niemcza spa are classically furnished and decorated with warm tones and carpeted floors .
free airport shuttle is featured .
bed linen and towels are provided .
guests have access to a children ’ s playground and a sun terrace .
we have a tradition of 450 years .
self - catering apartments with a seating area are also available .
the simple rooms come with parquet floors and a shared external bathroom .
free wi - fi is provided throughout the hotel .
the bathrooms are equipped with showers .
the nearest ski lifts are 3 km away .
quinta mar & sol is a cosy b & b located in funchal . the unit is 1 . 5 km from the funchal marina .
the apartment will provide you with a tv , air conditioning and a balcony .
every room at this resort is air conditioned and features a flat - screen tv .
free rental bike is also available on site .
marrakech - menara airport is 5 km away .
free wifi is offered and free private parking is available on site .
free cosmetics and a hairdryer are available in the bathroom .
guests can savour a variety of dishes at the à la carte restaurant or sample from the rich buffet restaurant .
featuring a terrace , all units feature a flat - screen tv , ipod docking station , and blu - ray player .
heartsease serviced apartment is 10 - minute walk from taoyuan metro station ( line 1 ) and a 45 - minute drive from luohu railway station .
zadar airport is located 21 km away .
aj hackett bungy jumping - kawarau bridge is 1 km from the property and queenstown event centre is 1 . 3 km away .
apartment here is fitted with a washing machine and a satellite tv .
the nearest airport is budapest liszt ferenc airport , 17 km from incity .
a fully equipped kitchen and dining area are provided at apartment 605 .
other services offered ( at an additional cost ) include beach service , boat rentals , and diving lessons .
airport shuttle services can be arranged for an extra fee .
at ergo hotel you will find a mini - mart , currency exchange and business centre .
cal cabre del priorat is a 15th - century catalan manor house located in pradell , in the mountains , 25 minutes ’ drive from reus airport .
hermosa palms b & b is located in playa hermosa beach in papagayo golf .
located off interstate 55 , this motel is 2 minutes ’ walk from joliet mall and 45 minutes ’ drive southwest of chicago .
fully furnished , these apartments feature a dining area and a separate seating area with a cable television . some mimì sul mare apartments have a balcony .
the kitchen includes a microwave , fridge , toaster , coffee maker and a gas hob .
skiing is possible within 1000 metres .
the nearest airport is dalian zhoushuizi international airport , 10 km away .
other facilities available include a shared lounge , a ticket service and a tour desk .
several restaurants featuring austrian and international cuisine are located within a range of 2 km .
the country - style restaurant at the hotel löwen serves a daily breakfast buffet and a selection of bavarian specialities .
the nearest airport is hartsfield - jackson airport 33 km away .
the bathroom comes with a shower .
all of its rooms have balconies with views of the sea and olive groves .
rooms have traditional décor and come with a private bathroom with shower .
room service is provided .
set on a hill and surrounded by olive groves , b & b villa ghiselli offers beautiful views of bassano del grappa 5 km away .
oslo airport is 47 km away .
there is a dining area and a kitchen complete with an oven and a microwave . a flat - screen tv is provided .
located in playa del inglés , sol barbacan is only 2 km from the nearest beach .
central heating is available , as well as a washing machine .
they all have satellite tv and air conditioning .
just a 10 - minute walk from the main market square , hotel delta offers affordable accommodation , an intimate environment and a friendly staff .
free toiletries , slippers and a hairdryer can be found in the private bathroom .
while you swim and sunbathe during the day , cold drinks and snacks are available at the pool bar .
it has a large outdoor pool and accommodation furnished with teak wood furnishings .
the hotel is 500 metres from the famous bangalore central mall , 1 . 9 km from brigade road and 2 . 4 km from ulsoor lake .
ośrodek szpulki is 2 . 5 km from zakopane train station and bus station .
featuring free wifi and a sun terrace , picabreiz offers pet - friendly accommodation in cast , 10 km from the beach and 20 km from quimper . free private parking is available on site .
the madeira airport is a 20 - minute drive from the villa and the 3 bedroom villa in funchal provides a shuttle service , at a surcharge .
the property offers free wifi access , barbecue facilities and a continental breakfast for a surcharge .
light blue apartment is located 2 km from the unesco - protected old town of dubrovnik and offers self - catering accommodation with free wi - fi access . the property is only 600 metres away from a pebbly beach .
safety deposit boxes and laundry facilities are also available .
towels and bed linen are available in this apartment .
other facilities at heinola holiday home include a terrace .
it offers free shuttle service from yevpatoriya train station .
the beaches at torre del mar are 8 km from the house and malaga airport is 48 km away .
set on the beach of bocas del toro archipelago in colon island , hotel vista mar is 450 metres from simon bolivar park .
restaurant ticinella is located 50 metres from the doorsteps of casa pace .
free private parking is also available at this apartment .
operating a 24 - hour front desk , jamera hotel features simple and comfy accommodation with free wifi access in the guestrooms .
alpin & seeresort by alpen apartments is a self - catering accommodation located in zell am see , 450 metres from the cityxpress cable car .
guests can relax in the swimming pool , hot tub or on the terrace .
there is a shared kitchen at the property .
hr residencies is located in colombo , 3 . 4 km from sri lanka national museum .
guests are also welcome to use the shared kitchen .
it features 3 dining options and air - conditioned rooms with a flat - screen tv .
muses villas provides free private parking on site .
samui airport is located 12 km away .
dining options include a shared kitchen where guests can cook for themselves .
the nearest bus stop is 300 metres from the apartments .
well - appointed rooms come with cooking facilities , satellite tv and a dvd player .
d . luis i bridge is 600 metres from casa fontainhas , while ribeira - unesco world heritage is 700 metres from the property .
en suite private bathrooms come with toiletries .
secure ski and sports equipment storage areas and parking places are available free of charge .
golf disneyland paris is 6 km away .
public transport ( bus and train ) is available for free in the upper engadine region .
overlooking the internal courtyard , this apartment features a kitchen , and a living area with sofa bed and flat - screen tv .
the hostel has a shared dining room with a microwave , small oven and fridge .
in ozone night club guests can sip on a cocktail while admiring the stunning sea view .
thanks to its central location , the vila terazije is very close to all cultural and entertaining venues in the city , as well as to the town hall and several embassies .
buses and trams stop just a 5 - minute walk away , while trastevere railway station , for trains to fiumicino airport , is 3 km away .
the resort features a restaurant , free wi - fi and cosy rooms with a balcony .
featuring a mediterranean garden with olive and palm trees , villa vision is a villa set in vence .
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a microwave and a refrigerator in each apartment .
with air conditioning , apartments at the bernardo are fully equipped . each offers a kitchenette .
each en suite bathroom is equipped with a bath and shower .
the stylish turmbar is ideal for drinks or cocktails , and there is a garden restaurant by the lake during spring and summer .
guests benefit from balcony . free wifi is offered throughout the property .
the hotel offers a sauna , an outdoor pool and a free shuttle to the beach .
the property offers free parking and a carport .
the main restaurant serves international cuisine , while the elegant à - la - carte one offers a choice of montenegrin dishes .
private bathroom also comes with a shower .
each suite has a private kitchenette , allowing for light snacks to be prepared .
nanshan temple is 33 km from sanya furen theme holiday apartment , while luhuitou park is 4 . 3 km away .
the town centre is home to a variety of restaurants that offer sea food , italian , indian , chinese and english cuisine , all just minutes away .
pulkovo airport is 17 km away .
the hotel sells vip cards and tickets for all major venues in town , which provide discounts to guests .
guests can visit the museum area featuring the national history museum , the anthropology museum and the palace of the fine arts .
every room at principe di vallescura has a balcony with sea views .
the accommodation will provide you with a tv , air conditioning and a spacious private patio .
free wifi and parking is available .
downtown deluxe apartment is just a few - minute walk from the commercial pedestrian street rua augusta filled with brand shops , cafés and restaurants .
some units have a seating area and / or balcony .
rvhotels apartamentos torrevella have 2 large swimming pools and attractive gardens . they are set in the quiet area of la torre vella , just 4km from the costa brava resort of l ’ estartit .
full english breakfast includes premium quality sausages , free - range eggs and locally sourced bacon , with mushrooms , tomatoes , baked beans and white or wholemeal toast .
breakfast is a mixture of rich buffet , show kitchen and waiter service . dinner in the main restaurant combines a rich buffet ( salads , cold and hot appetisers , desserts ), choice of main course , show kitchen and waiter service .
at camping les foulons you will find a garden and a snack bar .
panda ' s hostel - star ferry is a 15 - minute walk from harbour city shopping mall . hong kong international airport is about 40 minutes ' drive away .
presidente castro pinto international airport is 14 km away .
it takes 6 minutes by taxi to nanjing south railway station and 34 minutes to lukou airport .
landhaus frischmuth offers a modern apartment located in pichl bei aussee .
guests have access to a shared lounge at diluxshanrest . they can also go cycling and fishing during their stay .
the best motorway exit to take is santo stefano di magro .
the port in marina dinevi is 2 km away and the historic city of nessebar can be reached within a 5 - minute drive .
you can engage in various activities , such as snorkeling and fishing .
hotel fontenen combines a rustic atmosphere with friendly service .
on - site parking is not available .
the property houses a restaurant serving daily buffet breakfast .
free public parking is available in front of bregovi apartment .
within a 10 - minute walk , the amadé thermal bath can be reached and guests receive a 22 % discount .
other facilities like laundry facilities are offered .
there is also a bar .
dry cleaning and laundry services are available at additional charges .
make a 20 - minute walk to senkoji temple and enjoy a bird ’ s eye view of the onomichi area .
chisinau town hall is 2 . 5 km from the base apartments , while birth of christ cathedral is 2 . 6 km away .
the otrada ’ s restaurant decorated in a russian mansion style serves russian and oriental cuisine .
the breakfast buffet is served daily and includes organic products such as homemade cake and gluten - free produce .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
casa pura is a 10 - minute drive from nueva , offering a wide range of traditional restaurants serving local cuisine .
the en suite bathroom comes with shower facilities , toiletries and slippers .
the hotel ' s restaurant serves local dishes in a friendly setting using fresh ingredients . there is also a bar area where you can enjoy a relaxing drink by the fireplace .
the rooms offer a balcony with panoramic views of the aegean sea .
a safety deposit box is standard in each unit .
the property offers free parking .
municipal art gallery of chania is 200 metres from elia portou due , while cathedral of the presentation of the virgin mary is 200 metres away .
holy mother virgins nativity cathedral is 800 metres from cicos guesthouse , while dolphinarium is 1 . 1 km away .
free satellite tv channels are available upon request .
the hostel is within a 10 - minute drive from big wild goose pagoda and bell tower .
berghütte burgweghof jugendgästehaus is located on a plateau 2 km from the centre of westendorf and the kitzbühel alps ski area .
free private parking is available on site .
it also features a pro shop and an outdoor swimming pool .
offering an outdoor pool , pousada casa verde itacaré surf camp is located in itacaré .
free private parking is possible on site .
guest house na klyuchevoy features free wifi throughout the property .
you will find a fully equipped shared kitchen at the property with an oven , a stovetop , a microwave and kettle .
the hotel rooms are situated in a renovated grain shed and have a private bathroom .
music and dance evenings on the roof terrace are organised on a regular basis .
guests can enjoy the local tourist attractions , such as the museum of late middle ages ( 9 . 2 km ) and the musuem of goslar ( 9 . 3 km ).
condominio amazonas flat is a self - catering accommodation located in manaus .
at résidence la source you will find a garden and barbecue facilities .
offering a private balcony with lovely river views , riverdance apartments are just 300 metres from mooloolaba beach .
la cantonera has a large projecting screen and dvd player for watching films , as well as a cd player and radio . complete with a washing machine , the full kitchenette also offers a dishwasher .
to relax after a busy schedule , massage treatments are available at an additional cost .
set in the western tatras mountains , rekreacny dom u strihov is located in the small village of vavrišovo and provides rustic - style accommodation with free wi - fi and free private parking .
this villa offers tropical décor , air conditioning , safety box , cable tv , fridge and a balcony with garden views . the bathroom includes free toiletries .
tivat airport is at a distance of 7 km .
there is a well - equipped kitchen with a refrigerator and kitchenware .
situated within a short 5 - minute drive from the funchal city centre , the pico música apartment is a self - catering unit in madeira .
varna airport is 47 km away .
the feelgood spa includes an indoor heated pool with hydromassage and a sauna .
this holiday home offers a spa bath and can accommodate up to eight guests .
non - smoking rooms here will provide you with a flat - screen tv with satellite channels , and a seating area .
rooms here will provide you with a flat - screen tv , air conditioning and a seating area .
it includes a living area with a kitchenette , satellite tv , and a private bathroom with a shower .
sr pradeep park is located in chennai , 2 . 7 km from chennai trade centre .
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven as well as barbecue facilities which are free to use .
mercure gdańsk posejdon is located in jelitkowo , a recreational district of gdańsk , surrounded by lush greenery , and just about a 3 - minute walk from a sandy beach , jelitkowski park and the seaside promenade connecting tricity .
cabins at the messeship prinses christina are compact and decorated in a modern style . all cabins have a private bathroom , telephone and satellite tv .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with a bath .
offering a restaurant , bivouac morocco safari tours is located in merzouga .
after a jump in the pool , guests can relax on the terrace with a drink from the bar .
the hotel offers free wi - fi , a bar , and simply decorated , air - conditioned rooms .
both bathtub and shower facilities are provided in the bathrooms .
treatments are available for an extra charge .
galeão international airport is located 19 km away .
guests can enjoy city view .
a business center and laundry facilities are also available .
the springhill suites pensacola by marriott is located 20 minutes ’ drive from pensacola beach .
the surrounding area is ideal for hiking and you can visit nearby medieval churches and castles .
perpignan train station is a 10 - minute drive away and rivesaltes airport is 9 km away .
other facilities offered include a shared lounge with tv , a shared kitchen , and a games room .
the metekhi church is a 5 - minute walk away .
other property facilities include a 24 - hour front desk , a children ’ s playground , a terrace , a shared lounge , laundry services , and a shuttle service .
el señorio has a library , as well as a lounge area with a fireplace and a flat - screen tv .
the red square and the moscow kremlin are 3 metro stops from the property .
the property has a large garden with a terrace and barbecue facilities .
rooms are equipped with a private bathroom .
the ringstraße boulevard and the very centre of vienna are just 2 tram stops or a 10 - minute walk away .
long term parking is possible on site .
each air - conditioned room has a flat - screen tv , private bathroom , bathrobe and free wifi .
just 200 metres from a long sandy beach , within 5 minutes ’ drive of central hudiksvall , hostel hudiksvall malnbaden camping offers a fully equipped kitchen and a cosy tv lounge .
the hotel ’ s rooftop spa features a hot tub , hammam and a sauna , making it the ideal place to unwind .
guests at la bradul inalt have access to a fully - equipped kitchen with a dining area , and barbecue facilities are also at their disposal .
featuring free wifi throughout the property , b & b la villetta offers pet - friendly accommodation in dolceacqua , 33 km from nice .
for guest convenience , a cash machine is located on site . meeting facilities are available as well .
the modern bathroom is equipped with a washing machine and hairdryer .
each comes with a private bathroom , cable tv and heating .
brightly lit , all guestrooms are equipped with a flat - screen tv , personal safe and tea / coffee making facilities . en suite bathrooms have either a bathtub or shower .
simply furnished , rooms come with air conditioning , tiled flooring and a flat - screen tv with cable channels .
the three - bedroom apartment is provided with a living / dining room with open - hearth fireplace .
each room at hotel panda has carpeted floors and central heating .
kitchenware , a microwave , and a dishwasher are provided in the kitchenette .
each also comes with an outdoor seating area with tables and chairs .
the inn america is just 3 . 5 miles from the boise convention centre in the downtown area .
extra facilities include a washing machine and iron .
situated in fujiazhuang village , dalian zhongxia garden hotel is a 20 - minute drive from dalian train station .
an american buffet breakfast is provided daily . it is served in a local restaurant in the square .
a flat - screen tv is offered .
located in mer , just a 15 - minute drive from chambord castle , les abris du château offers an outdoor swimming pool , garden and sun terrace . the loire river is only 4 . 4 km away .
at gallery / surf house you will find a garden , barbecue facilities and a terrace .
the bathroom comes with a bathtub and a bidet .
after breakfast , you can have a walk to canal du midi , which is 900 metres away .
the gergovia sits in the super - besse ski resort , between the pavin lake and the puy de sancy volcano .
the house has a beautiful setting with the brecon mountain railway running close by , and the taff fechan reservoir , less than 10 minutes ’ walk away , offering spectacular views of the mountains .
the nearest airport is sochi international airport , 7 km from guest house na figurnoy 51 .
the guest house is a short walk from the village pub , where there is a pub serving home - cooked food .
guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant . free private parking is available on site .
mudanya ferry port is 50 km from the hotel .
at yog palace shirdi , guests can request for luggage storage and car rental services .
guests can taste local specialities and a variety of international food at the several bars and cafes in the immediate surroundings .
a 25 - minute drive from nadi airport , it offers a pool and free parking .
enjoying views of the quiet rice paddies of krobokan , it has pampering in - villa spa treatments
featuring a shower , the bathroom also comes with a hairdryer .
on sundays , guests can visit the flea market at boxhagener platz ( 350 metres ).
located a 5 - minute walk away from the gorgeous candolim beach , shalom guest house which has apartment style accommodation offers a 24 - hour front desk and is a convenient base from which to explore the secluded tropical paradise .
featuring views over the surrounding greenery , all the rooms at the meerendal are decorated with stylish furniture and wooden floors .
a complimentary buffet breakfast is served each morning in dioni hotel ' s elegant restaurant .
both pecs and mocacs are 25 km away .
featuring four unique houses and a large shared courtyard , the roberts collection is located in nantucket .
you can engage in various activities , such as skiing and golfing .
situated in st mary in the saint mary region , 7 km from ocho rios , villa del camino features a year - round outdoor pool and views of the pool .
all rooms are equipped with a flat screen satellite tv , minibar and tea / coffee maker .
sarajevo national theatre is 600 metres away .
rooms have simple interiors and are fitted with a bed , air conditioning and a tv .
featuring an outdoor swimming pool and olympic - size tennis court , vateri offers guests a variety of farm - related activities . surrounded by gardens , olive trees , vines and orchards , the stone - built property enjoys a view to the evian gulf .
the rooms are air conditioned and include a tv with dvd player .
the private bathrooms come with free toiletries and a hairdryer .
motel pikanore is situated 10 km from ploiesti , 1 km from the ploiesti ring road .
the large wellness area includes 2 saunas , turkish and roman baths , and an indoor pool .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
guests can enjoy thai and international dishes at the restaurant .
pudong international airport takes 50 - minute drive to reach .
laundry and dry cleaning services are also available .
featuring a garden with bbq facilities , villa chiara is set in a quiet area of montiglio monferrato .
positano is 13 km from the hotel .
with diverse sports facilities and amusement parks nearby , mercure pattaya is a well located base for a fun holiday . you can also easily stroll to the beach and enjoy various water sports , such as snorkelling and boat outings .
würzburg centre can be reached in 10 minutes via train .
guests will find a double bedroom and a living area with double sofa bed , refrigerator and coffee machine .
the private bathroom comes with a shower and bath .
birmingham city football club , birmingham international airport , and the national exhibition centre are all within 15 miles .
free wifi access is available .
alanya castle is 5 km from crystal nova apartment , while damlatas cave is 5 km away .
an outdoor pool is on site for guests to enjoy as well as a business centre with computers and copy and fax services .
the grounds of this 1920s farmhouse include a swimming pool , bbq , bowling green and football pitch .
at vila hotel you will find a 24 - hour front desk and a garden . the property offers free parking .
it offers a restaurant , an outdoor pool and free wi - fi in public areas .
free wifi is provided throughout the property .
dating back to the 17th century , this renovated guest house also features a chapel and is located in monção .
all rooms at granja feature a private bathroom , and some rooms include historic - style details as exposed stone walls or tiled walls .
enjoy the friendly service , the comfortable rooms , the modern spa facilities and our creative , health - conscious cuisine . the unspoilt nature , the beautiful alpine panorama and the clean tyrolean mountain air are ideal for all kinds of sports and leisure activities in summer as well as in winter .
it offers free wi - fi and a marble patio terrace with panoramic views of the giralda .
a stove , microwave , fridge , water boiler and coffee machine can be found in the kitchen .
offering an outdoor pool and an à la carte restaurant , turistichesky kompleks razdolye is located in aleshkino .
you can walk to central salou in just 5 minutes from apartamentos dorada palace .
guests can enjoy the on - site bar and restaurant .
the restaurant of residence wiesenhof serves classic italian cuisine and local specialities of south tyrol .
bed linen and towels are provided .
all the rooms here will provide you with a tv , safe and a balcony . featuring a shower , the private bathroom also comes with free toiletries .
there is a lounge with satellite tv and a sofa bed .
mykonos town in chora is definitely one of the most pleasant and charming towns of the greek islands .
cava fiorita is set in a peaceful rural area 1 km outside palagianello and features a garden and a terrace .
schmitt apartments also offer free parking .
the shopping street of corso buenos aires is 700 metres from echo starhotels . milano centrale metro and train station links you with rho fiera exhibition centre , 15 . 3 km away , and malpensa airport .
guests can enjoy a rich , fresh and varying breakfast buffet at the hotel .
scandic borlänge ’ s fresh , colourful rooms have wooden floors , easy chairs and a tv offering premium movies on demand .
the irschenberg ’ s team organises tickets for events and local attractions on request .
the property offers free parking .
mont dauphin train station is 14 . 5 km away .
some units feature a private bathroom , where free toiletries and slippers can be found .
there is free on - site parking and a 24 - hour reception at this premier inn .
the nearest grocery shop is only 20 metres from m palace villa apartments .
local attractions include the cuale archaeological museum , plaza de armas and the parish church of our lady of guadalupe .
offering panoramic views on bastia ’ s old port and the mediterranean sea , appartement au coeur de la citadelle is a self - catering accommodation located in the heart of the citadel of bastia .
a washing machine is also provided .
elegantly decorated , this air - conditioned villa features a fireplace , seating area and a flat - screen tv with satellite channels , as well as a blu - ray player .
it takes approximately 1 - hour , 15 minutes to drive to jeju international airport .
lcd satellite tv , a minibar and a sofa are standard facilities in all accommodation units at the corvin .
free wifi is featured .
offering an indoor pool and a fitness centre , homewood suites by hilton gateway hills nashua is located in nashua .
the nearest airport is riga international airport , 22 km from silmali .
set in sanya in the hainan region , 34 km from nanshan temple , the beachfront sanya i love u yododo inn features a terrace and views of the mountain .
a storage room for ski equipment is available .
guests can enjoy a meal at the in - house restaurant .
the hotel offers free bicycle rentals , a business centre and a chargeable airport shuttle service .
the hotel is 4 km from winterberg golf club and 2 km from hallen - und freibad winterberg swimming centre .
the restaurant at hotel corte di nettuno is a great place to sample dishes and wines from the puglia region .
with elegant décor , the spacious accommodations provide guests with air conditioning , a flat - screen tv , satellite channels , a dvd player and a living room .
on dublin ’ s grafton street , the westbury has fantastic restaurants , a bar and a fitness suite .
the nearest airport is laguardia airport , 10 km from great 2 bedroom midtown west .
set 200 metres from the beach , appartamenti marcelliana offers accommodation in lido di jesolo , 6 km from aqualandia . bus station is 3 km from the property .
guests can have a drink and a chat in the accommodation ' s cafe the shuffle .
the apartments feature free wi - fi , separate living room and bedroom areas and a kitchenette .
this 3 - star property offers self - catering accommodation 30 metres from the sea and 150 metres from zaboric ’ s beach .
it offers free wi - fi , an outdoor pool and a luxury mountain spa .
an outdoor swimming pool is featured at this kelowna property .
free parking can be found nearby .
an array of activities are offered in the area , such as snorkelling , windsurfing and diving .
the nearest airport is london city airport , 14 km from shepherds market serviced apartments .
the on - site restaurant at san juan park serves international - style dishes .
there is a seating area , a dining area and a kitchen .
the cottage - style rooms of hazels roost b & b feature flat - screen tvs and facilities for making tea and coffee .
the nearest beaches are 200 metres away .
arize hotel sukhumvit is a 2 - minute walk from prompong bts skytrain station .
each chalet accommodation is equipped with a kitchenette , en suite bathroom and a terrace with garden furniture .
this hotel , located in the centre of pennsylvania amish country , features free wi - fi and a gazebo .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including skiing , cycling and hiking .
some units are air - conditioned .
harrah ’ s metropolis can be reached in 7 minutes ’ drive .
free private parking and bike rental are available on site .
the palace of the republic is 800 metres away .
relax in this outdoor lounge and bar area with a refreshing drink .
set in a peaceful area and surrounded by nature , apartments simona offers self - catering apartments in lopar .
set on the banks of lake chiemsee with splendid views of the chiemgau alps , this hotel enjoys a central location in the lakeside resort .
the kitchenette comes with a dishwasher .
the restaurant offers a daily buffet breakfast with western and local dishes from early in the morning .
villa orwood is located in kalutara , 40 km from colombo and 19 km from bentota .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
budva is 33 km from vuković apartments , while cavtat is 29 km away .
towels and bed linen are provided .
featuring a private beach area and an outdoor pool with free sun loungers and parasols , marin beach apart is located on the seafront of turgutreis . it offers concierge services and free wifi throughout the premises .
one of them also features a wood stove .
the apartments are equipped with air conditioning , a washing machine and fully - equipped kitchen .
the property provides accommodation in bungalows and holiday homes .
with practical décor and framed artwork on the walls , they also include cable tv , telephone and minibar .
set on 3 levels , villa elvira includes air conditioning , a satellite flat - screen tv , and soundproofing in all the bedrooms .
with a city view , rooms have a private bathroom equipped with a shower .
all of them have private bathrooms with fresh towels and hot running water .
the furnished balcony overlooks the sea .
offering ocean views and beach access , this campbell river campsite features an on - site launderette .
rooms feature antique - inspired furnishings and free wi - fi .
each room includes a spacious work desk .
the rooms and apartments at hotel piedra marron feature queen - size beds , and some also have air conditioning , cable tv and a balcony or terrace . apartments have a kitchen with an oven , coffee maker , toaster and fridge .
at ferienwohnung 1001 nacht you will find free airport shuttle service .
all rooms in privat cingel come with a balcony and a private bathroom with a shower .
the property is located 400m from the beach and 800m from the nearest shopping opportunities .
bryce canyon is 40 minutes ’ drive from this guest accommodation .
each room at luka offers a tv with satellite channels and a dvd player .
the lima riverside area is 4 km away .
guests also enjoy covered parking , a spa bath and chimney .
free wifi access is available in this lodge .
it offers free wi - fi in the ground - floor public areas , and free parking .
it features a luxury spa centre and rooms with an lcd tv and free wifi access .
free wi - fi is accessible throughout the sterling dulles hawthorn suites .
guests can use free wi - fi at the lobby and relax at the terrace featuring hinoki wooden furniture .
bistro , courtyard ’ s on - site restaurant , serves breakfast in the morning as well as dinner and cocktails in the evening .
you can play table tennis at the inn .
dixie national forest is 40 minutes ’ drive from color country motel panguitch . zion national park is 74 miles from the motel .
at mangroven river view you will find a garden , terrace and shared kitchen . other facilities like water sports facilities , a shared lounge and a games room are offered .
free wifi is available throughout the property .
it features various sports courts , an outdoor swimming pool , sauna and fitness facilities and a restaurant .
each room feature air conditioning , safe box , electric kettle and a minibar . there is also a balcony .
at shengsi huajing villa you will find a garden and a terrace .
the nearest airport is palma de mallorca airport , 48 km from the property .
budapest liszt ferenc airport is 17 km from the property .
the beachfront hotel offers private parking and is comfortable located only 200 metres from the bus stop .
paradis hotel features free wifi .
wholesale market ( pratunam ) is 2 . 7 km from bb garden resort .
breakfast can be arranged .
airport shuttle service can be provided at a surcharge .
rooms at the brauereigasthof zur münz feature a classic design .
offering a 24 square meters indoor swimming pool , holiday home degnevangen blåvand iv is located in blåvand , 200 m from the shop and restaurant .
en suite bathrooms are equipped with a shower .
snacks and refreshments are available at the lobby lounge .
the 4 - star rooms are bright and spacious , with contemporary décor and a touch of colour .
select rooms also offer a sofa bed .
some of the rooms also include a flat - screen tv .
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge , shared kitchen and luggage storage .
the hotel offers an indoor / outdoor pool and rooms with a 32 - inch flat - screen tv .
the property can be reached in 50 minutes by car from the nearest airport , oita airport .
airport shuttle service are available .
built on an elevated position in karya village , the cycladic - style karyatides offers self - catered accommodation with aegean sea view from their furnished balcony .
silk valley spa resort is located in taipei .
the pittsburgh international airport is 20 minutes away .
casa vacanze villa leone is a holiday home featuring free wifi and a terrace set in sperlonga , 2 . 5 km from villa of tiberius .
access to the a and c metro lines is just 800 metres away .
one of argentina ’ s main attractions , perito moreno glacier , is a 2 - hour drive away .
a continental breakfast is available each morning if requested 1 day in advance .
candia also includes 2 bars and a traditional greek coffee house .
other facilities at apartament zakopane include a sauna .
apartment terr du soleil i nendaz station is a self - catering accommodation located in nendaz and can accommodate up to two guests . ski lift haute nendaz is located within walking distance .
featuring a garden with a year - round outdoor pool , olive beach villa is a villa situated on the shore of the mediterranean sea , right next to the akamas national nature reserve . the property features views of the sea and is 6 km from lara beach . free wifi is available throughout the property .
the private bathroom comes with a bath / shower combination .
marble mountains is 13 km away .
the property also offers grocery delivery .
free wi - fi is included in every traditionally decorated guestroom of this calumet hotel .
white house is set on a hill , overlooking the atlantic ocean and fanore beach .
located just 2 km from powai lake and 7 km from chattrapati international airport , hotel tulip residency operates a 24 - hour front desk .
there is dry cleaning services at the property .
a separate seating area , sofa , and 2 flat - screen cable televisions are provided .
sofia airport is 160 km away .
this 3 - star hotel in the black forest town of löffingen provides direct access to the schwarzwaldpark wildlife and leisure park .
the in - house vinotheque stocks a wide range of fine austrian wines .
casa rosina is located in the centre of catania , 2 km from the sea and a 4 - minute drive from the closest sandy beach .
each unit also contains a private bathroom .
the bathrooms are private and include a shower and toilet .
ladies beach is 1 . 4 km from sunrise hotel , while kusadasi grand bazaar is 500 metres from the property .
the quality inn & suites hotel is just off state highway 6 minutes from texas a & m university , historic downtown bryan and st .
a restaurant is available .
the apartment complex features a serenity area with a swimming pool and a chill - out bar .
a flat - screen tv and air conditioning are provided in some units .
restaurants serving traditional german food are only a 10 - minute walk away .
the nearest airport is olsztyn - mazury regional airport , 44 km from apartament westerplatte .
free wifi access is available .
all rooms overlook the hotel ' s manicured front lawns .
yaremche is 33 km from oaza , while vorokhta is 24 km from the property .
shuttle from florianópolis or navegantes airport , 16 km away , can be arranged .
free wi - fi is provided in the lobby .
it offers free wi - fi and views of tropical gardens .
it features free wi - fi in all areas and souk waqif is a 10 - minute walk away .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
an en suite bathroom with hairdryer is included in each air - conditioned guest room at yosemite riverside inn . a coffee machine is included .
each room comes with a flat - screen tv .
each room includes a private bathroom .
the city art gallery bwa is 80 metres from the property and the airport is 4 . 5 km away .
you will find a kettle in the room . every room has a private bathroom equipped with a bath or shower .
the property is 18 km from santa maria di leuca . lecce is a 50 - minute drive away .
rooms at the zur krone come with a tv and a private bathroom . some rooms include a balcony .
spice bazaar is 2 . 7 km from artemis apartment , while galata tower is 3 . 2 km from the property .
this apartment offers air - conditioned bedrooms with private bathroom .
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower .
kitchen facilities include a microwave , dining area and dishwasher .
offering impressive views over the atlantic ocean and the orotava valley , vistamar is located in santa ursula .
simferopol airport is 49 km away .
the en suite bathroom comes with toiletries and a hairdryer .
all rooms come with a flat - screen cable tv and a seating area for your convenience .
featuring an outdoor pool and a restaurant , hotel turismo termal offers accommodations with free wifi access in los baños del inca .
each comes with a tv , together with a hairdryer in the private bathroom .
the private bathrooms have a shower .
bivouac akabar is located in merzouga in the middle of the dunes .
the nearest airport is bandaranaike international airport , 8 km from the property .
the property offers free parking .
private bathrooms also come with a shower and 24 - hour hot water .
sila blue cruise has barbecue facilities and a bar .
watchet ’ s beach is just 5 minute ’ stroll from the swain , and the area is ideal for outdoor pursuits such as mountain biking , climbing , and archery .
private bathrooms come with a bath or shower and a hairdryer .
the distance to batumi airport is 10 km from the property .
located in holetown , vida mejor offers an outdoor private pool , free wifi and a terrace with outdoor furniture .
holiday home brunello is a studio located in certaldo in the tuscany region and is 32 km from florence .
hostel parking is free .
the sandy ilica beach is 3 km away . cesme is 12 km and izmir airport is 80 km away .
the common areas include a lounge , a fireplace room and a smoking tv room . the media room comes with a video , a projector and a canvas .
some rooms have a seating area to relax in after a busy day .
with views of the surroundings , the air - conditioned rooms come with a tv .
complimentary wi - fi access is provided .
parque do ingá park is 2 km from hotel cidade verde .
jeremy ’ s restaurant and bar serves indian , chinese and nepali cuisine .
they include tiled floors and a private bathroom with a hairdryer and amenities .
a varied daily breakfast is served every day .
you will find a shared kitchen at the property . shared facilities include a nespresso coffee machine , a fridge , a dining area and a washing machine .
it offers numerous bars , night clubs and hosts parties with famous djs , while also providing a beautiful pebbled beach prefect for relaxation during the day .
the property provides free parking .
la barrosa beach is a 10 - minute drive away .
it offers self - catering accommodation with air conditioning .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with free toiletries .
within a 15 - minute drive you can reach the fügen thermal bath .
you can enjoy gourmet bulgarian and international cuisine in one of the 3 restaurants before having a nightcap in the bar , listening to soft piano music .
the gorée island boarding point is just a 10 - minute drive away .
each guest room has a flat - screen tv with dvd player , fridge , seating area and tea and coffee facilities .
free rental bikes are available on site .
residence mirtillo rosso offers fully equipped apartments with a balcony and mountain views , in a quiet area 1300 metres above sea level . it is just next to a forest and 50 metres from the folgarida ski slopes .
each room here will provide you with a tv , air conditioning and a seating area . there is also an electric kettle .
a free shuttle service to malpensa airport , 11 km away , is provided .
it offers apartments with kitchenettes .
the resort provides tour and car hire services as well as free wifi in public areas .
aquaarena toyohashi is 6 km away .
mountain views can be enjoyed from all rooms .
it offers 2 private bathrooms with a bath tub or shower .
at traveler ’ s lagoon you will find a 24 - hour front desk , a garden and barbecue facilities .
breakfast , lunch , dinner and room service are offered at 024 grille .
it offers modern rooms , daily buffet breakfasts and free wifi in public areas .
the property features rooms with private or shared bathrooms .
enjoy the comfortable rooms and apartments , a great entertainment programme for young and old , freedom and safety on over 10 , 000 m2 of forests and meadows , and a pleasant , family - friendly ambiance .
the en suite bathroom comes with a shower and hairdryer .
a hairdryer and free toiletries are included .
clean towels and bed linen are provided for free .
it is 35 minutes ' drive from hangzhou east railway station and 55 minutes ' drive from hangzhou long - distance bus station . besides it is 40 minutes ' drive from hangzhou xiaoshan international airport . for sightseeing , you can take 10 minutes ' drive from wushan square and lingyin temple .
guests benefit from patio .
free parking is on site . tropea is a 30 - minute drive away .
guests can enjoy austrian cuisine , styrian specialities , and fine wines .
there is a refrigerator and a coffee machine .
room service is also provided .
guests can enjoy local specialities and daily continental breakfast at hotel emirates plaza ’ s restaurant .
offering a typical restaurant , hotel riviera is located in pisciotta .
a sweet and savoury breakfast is available daily , and gluten - free products are available on request .
kamari is 6 km from santorini island luxury yacht cruise , while ios chora can be reached within 45 km .
guests benefit from terrace .
each air - conditioned room features a seating area , a work desk , wardrobe , flat - screen tv and minibar . the attached bathroom has hot / cold showers and contains free toiletries .
rimini is 20 km away .
some have a sea view terrace .
it features free wifi throughout .
it offers rooms with air conditioning and a balcony each and breakfast on site .
modern rooms are fitted with a flat - screen tv offering cable channels .
rooms are simply furnished and will provide you with a fan , lockers and linen .
a hairdryer is also provided in the rooms .
the hostel offers a common kitchenette equipped with microwave , toaster ovens and a kettle .
quite a few tourist attractions are located within easy reach , such as drum tower and bell tower , as well as xi ' an city wall .
the nearest airport is salgado filho airport , 73 km from the property .
guests can explore the surrounding countryside on the gasthaus zur harburg ’ s rental bicycles , or simply relax in the beer garden .
visitors will find sights such as the museum of samovar and tula drama theatre are just a 5 - minute walk away .
the nearest airport is verona airport , 8 km from the property .
at summerfield green bungalow you will facilities like grocery deliveries , a shared lounge and an ironing service are offered .
guests also enjoy a private patio overlooking the water .
private bathroom in each unit is fitted with a bath or shower . for your comfort , you will find slippers , free toiletries and a hairdryer .
free wi - fi , a restaurant with regional cuisine and rooms with a balcony are offered by this hotel in bad holzhausen .
the suites are minimalist in style with wooden floors , light décor and free wi - fi .
a buffet breakfast in the evoo restaurant , while à la carte breakfast is served on the 20th floor of extra lounge restaurant .
it offers a 24 - hour room service and free parking on site .
it offers an outdoor pool , a fitness centre and free wi - fi .
igalo bay apartments can help arrange excursions to ostrog monastery and the mausoleum on lovćen hill .
all the apartments feature a washing machine and mountain views .
several café bars and restaurants can be found within short walking distance .
guests can cook and enjoy a gourmet meal in the full kitchen .
the nearest airport is mykonos international airport , 3 km from the property .
free public parking is available on spot and the closest restaurants and shops are within 200 metres of landhaus rosenrot .
the nearest airport is budapest liszt ferenc airport , 17 km from opera hostel budapest .
the kitchen is equipped with a microwave and stove . the bathroom comes with a shower or bath .
you will find a shared kitchen at the property .
gdansk lech walesa airport is located 13 km from the property .
the agua azul and misol ha waterfalls are within a 90 - minute drive and villahermosa airport is a 2 - hour drive away .
bayside marketplace is 2 . 8 km away and the miami international airport is 8 km away .
bed linen is featured .
free wifi is featured and free private parking is available on site .
the hotel ’ s express bar serves cocktails and refreshing drinks at the lobby area .
a buffet breakfast is served in a spacious lounge room and at the garden .
dry cleaning and laundry services are available .
the property is a 15 - minute drive to pattaya floating market .
designed in a contemporary style , the guest room features exposed wooded beams and offers a garden view .
you will find a flat - screen tv and dvd player , selection of teas , coffee , hot chocolate and biscuits .
marcadet - poissonière and château rouge metro stations offer direct access to les halles shopping district , the latin district , montparnasse and saint - lazare stations , and the orsay museum .
towels and bed linen are offered .
the private bathroom is complete with a hairdryer and shower .
guests can use the on - site laundry facilities and the express check - in / check - out services .
all units feature a flat - screen tv .
the on - site restaurant prepares traditional cretan dishes and fresh fish .
outdoor furniture and a tv with a dvd player are included in this spacious home .
an italian - style breakfast is offered at a partner bar nearby , and includes coffee plus a sweet or savoury pastry .
the yes paradise is a 10 - minute drive from kandy ’ s city centre and kandy bus station .
the family - run casa rural altzibar - berri is set in countryside , 17 km from san sebastian .
a private bathroom with amenities and hairdryer is standard .
it is less than a mile from one of the largest shopping centers in the southeast , riverchase galleria .
the restaurant is open for dinner , and serves local specialities made with fresh 0 - km range produce .
narmada convention hall is located in mataram , a 5 - minute drive from the city centre .
guests are offered free pedalos and canoes for one hour per day .
located in the historic centre of olomouc , penzion arigone offers rooms with a flat - screen satellite tv and free adsl internet .
guests can enjoy international cuisine and traditional mexican dishes in the cupatitzio ’ s restaurant .
antalya airport is 128 km away .
the erlendgrund apartment has a living room , dining room , a double sofa bed , satellite tv , 2 balconies , a double bedroom , kitchen , terrace and wi - fi .
brindisi - salento airport is 1 hour ' s drive away .
airport shuttles , laundry and dry cleaning services can be arranged for a surcharge .
featuring free wifi and a restaurant , zenrooms legian dewi sri 2 offers accommodation in legian .
all rooms come with a shared toilet and a shared bathroom with shower facility .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with free toiletries .
all villas offer free wi - fi , a living - dining area with cable tv and a fully equipped kitchen .
perrots house bed and breakfast offers en suite accommodation in the heart of berkeley , 30 minutes ’ drive from the cities of bristol and gloucester .
snacks and drinks can also be enjoyed in the flaggenbar piano bar or on the spacious sun terrace .
there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
set near the landing beaches of the second world war , the aire de la baie hotel welcomes you for a successful overnight stop in normandy .
utapao - rayong - pataya international airport is 31 km from the property .
set 1 km from the centre of olmedo and 15 km from alghero , b & b funtana de talia offers a garden and classic - style accommodation with air conditioning .
the hotel also houses the le cafe du pont restaurant and has a terrace .
ristorante il quadrifoglio serves delicious cuisine and is specialised in fish dishes .
it offers air - conditioned rooms with free wi - fi and a terrace with views of the marmara sea .
located in ajmer , in rajasthan , hotel sobhraj features a terrace and free wi - fi throughout . guests can enjoy their meals at the restaurant .
it offers a spa with indoor pool , a kids ’ club , and regional cuisine .
rooms at one hotel all come with air conditioning , a tv and windows offering city views .
there is also a shared kitchen .
a 24 - hour reception is offered at buttonwillow racetrack motel 6 lost hills . a launderette is available on site .
the bathroom includes a deep bathtub and luxurious french toiletries .
many restaurants are within walking distance .
situated in the village of messaria , kalma is a traditional cycladic - style hotel featuring a swimming pool and a poolside bar .
the open kitchen is equipped with 2 hotplates , mini - oven , oven , dishwasher , micro wave , and an electric coffee machine .
extras include a desk and bed linen .
a buffet breakfast is available , while the restaurant serves italian cuisine at dinner .
guests are welcome to visit the stables and get to know the farm animals .
the staff at the 24 - hour front desk can assist with luggage storage service .
the family - run aparthotel buratović in the charming village vinjerac offers spacious rooms and a dedicated service based upon many years of experience .
assi ghat is 1 km from hotel sarweshwary , while harishchandra ghat is 2 . 9 km away .
towels and bed linen are included .
all air - conditioned rooms have modern bedding which includes a pull - out bed and down comforter .
vidin ’ s city centre is about 700 metres from tangra hotel .
it offers a continental breakfast buffet each morning and free wifi .
a hairdryer is also provided in the en suite bathroom .
the bathroom includes a shower .
every room at this hotel is air conditioned and is fitted with a flat - screen tv .
some have views over the lake .
free wifi is offered throughout the property .
the nearest airport is arturo merino benitez airport , 80 km from san alfonso del mar .
fortel chennai hotel is only a 12 - minute drive from marina beach , while kapaleswar temple is 15 minutes away .
lake trasimeno is 20 minutes ' drive away .
hermitage museum is 12 km from apartment grazhdanskiy prospect 116 , while palace square is 12 km from the property .
the warth - schröcken ski area , with a connection via a ski lift to lech , is 25 km away .
vakantiehuisjes " de helpeney " is a self - catering accommodation located in horst .
they are air conditioned and equipped with a fridge and satellite tv .
the indoor swimming pool offers year - round relaxation and water aerobics classes .
there is a chocolate factory only 6 km away .
located just 500 metres off of the scenic aewol shore road , suandsu hotel offers spacious self - catering apartments .
the property offers free parking .
vienna central apartments are located in the 4th , 5th and 6th district of vienna .
regional specialities and local products are included in the daily breakfast at la prince napoleon , which can be enjoyed in the breakfast area .
tokyo disney resort is about 50 minutes away by train .
the nearest airport is odessa international airport , 8 km from luxury apartment near sea .
please note : limited number of parking spaces .
other facilities offered at the hostel include a shared lounge and tv area as well as ticket services . the property offers free parking .
located in itapema centre and just 50 metres from the beach , solis praia hotel offers an outdoor pool , a fitness centre and a barbecue facility . a variety of restaurants and bars can be found 2 blocks away .
the brasstown dining room offers mountain views and is open for all meals . buffet - style dining is available for breakfast and there are a la carte options for lunch and dinner .
adler - sochi international airport is 24 km from the property .
alcam sitges centro is centrally located , just a 5 - minute walk from the beach , 200 metres from the main street and 5 minutes ’ walk from the train station .
it offers a country - house design , 2 restaurants , and good road links .
certain units feature a seating area where you can relax .
most rooms and suites also include a seating area with satellite tv , and an en suite bathroom with bath .
shenzhen civic center is 5 km from mark hotel .
the four - bedroom apartment is provided with satellite - tv in the living area , two double bedrooms and two twin bedrooms .
guests will be 35 minutes ’ drive from charlotte douglas international airport .
at apartments at granada city residence you will find a spa and wellness centre , a restaurant and a tennis court .
apartments come complete with a flat - screen tv and a fully - fitted kitchen with a microwave and dishwasher .
free private parking is available on site .
the air - conditioned studios come with a satellite tv and balcony with sea view .
in the summer you can enjoy your breakfast in the internal courtyard , under a wild jasmine tree .
saint jean de luz beaches are at 5 km and biarritz airport is a 20 - minute drive away .
there is a kitchenette with a dining table .
day trips can be arranged to local attractions including cologne cathedral and chocolate museum , a 15 - minute drive away .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
buses go from near the apartment to osnabrück city centre every 10 minutes .
guests can access free wi - fi in all areas .
a business center , 24 - hour front desk and on - site laundry facilities are also available .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk and a shared at the property . services like laundry and dry cleaning are provided .
laundry services and taxi services can be arranged for an additional cost .
free wifi access and free on - site parking are available .
the hotel offers a swimming pool , a relaxing pool , and spa facilities with a sauna and a turkish bath .
a shuttle service is available at a surcharge .
guests can visit siatista ’ s wine distilleries , or browse the many fur shops available .
there is also a terrace where you will find sun loungers and parasols .
free parking spaces are available on site .
the rooms have a modern style with an authentic moroccan touch .
active guests can work out in the small gym .
the 24 - hour front desk provides laundry services and fax facilities .
all of them are equipped with a satellite tv and floor heating .
each room comes with an lcd tv , a fridge and an electric kettle with green tea . guests can try on yukata robes , while enjoying in - room amenities like bottled water , instant soup , coffee and mini sweets . special toiletries are provided for both male and female guests .
it offers free wifi .
this holiday park is a 20 - minute drive from yeh panes hot springs , a 1 - hour drive from kintamani and a 45 - minute drive from a diving spot in tulamben .
you can play table tennis and darts at the house .
safed is about 9 km away .
located in the town of tinos , athos studios is only 50 metres from kalamia beach and features a bar .
pirogov hospital is 3 . 7 km from apartment mur , while tokuda hospital is 3 . 8 km from the property .
guests can enjoy a large shared garden with bbq facilities , outdoor furniture and a children ’ s playground .
set in sanur , this air - conditioned villa features a year - round outdoor pool .
decorated with wood floorings and a patio , each unit is fitted with a flat - screen cable tv , a sofa , and an electric kettle .
the air - conditioned rooms all come with a flat - screen tv and some have a terrace .
airport shuttle service can be provided at a surcharge .
the classic - style rooms come with wooden floors , a tv , a minibar and a private bathroom with shower .
just 1 . 4 km from the herculaneum ruins , the san gennariello is an 18th - century villa featuring carefully tended gardens and a roof terrace with views of the bay of naples .
you can also check out cham museum , situated 2 . 3 km away and my an beach , 3 . 4 km away .
the en suite bathroom includes a hairdryer and free toiletries .
ula ' s holiday apartments is a self - catering accommodation located in beatenberg .
there ' s a fully equipped kitchen .
towels and linens are included .
the erzherzog johann ’ s spa area features 2 saunas , a steam bath and a massage room .
each room comes with a laptop pc , a fridge and a microwave .
free parking is available .
a 15 - minute walk to the coast of the black sea in zaozernoye , simsim features a sauna and garden with bbq facilities .
they come with a kitchen and a bathroom .
offering a restaurant and a private beach area , blue sevan hotel is located 2000 metres above sea level , right by lake sevan .
there is also an inviting cafeteria and a courtyard with barbecue facilities .
the restaurant features original stonework walls and wooden benches , and serves regional cuisine .
the boutique hotel spedition is located in a historically protected building in thun , 30 km from interlaken and 60 km from gstaad and offers free wifi .
towels and bed linen are available in this self - catering accommodation .
bungalows also include a kitchen and a living area .
bars and restaurants can be found within a 10 - minute drive . puerto peñasco airport is a 20 - minute drive away .
free wifi access is available .
warsaw bridge , the border with poland , is located 1 km away .
designer toiletries and bathrobes are also included .
poole farm guests can enjoy scenic walks or cycle rides along the surrounding lanes and river banks .
the tour desk can provide tips on exploring quito .
located a 5 - minute walk from the centre of pfunds , haus hueber offers 2 self - catering apartments and features free wifi , a garden and terrace .
the property is situated 29 . 5 miles from inverness airport .
free private parking spaces are available on the property ’ s premises .
some rooms at the premier inn bracknell ( twin bridges ) can take 2 adults and up to 2 children ( under 16 years ).
a flat - screen tv is there as well .
additional facilities available include a currency exchange and free newspapers .
castel sant ’ angelo castle is 650 metres from apartop
rooms at altes wasserwerk are individually designed on an industrial theme , and one room has a 4 - poster bed .
it is the only accommodation at the golden peak of wugong mountain .
the apartment feature air conditioning and comes with a washing machine , flat - screen tv and sofa . guests use the private bathroom .
towels and linen are provided .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
they also feature pool and garden views .
the nearest commercial area is 200 metres from cabañas las brisas and el tehuelche airport is situated 7 km away .
flisvos marina is 3 . 9 km from apartment , while stavros niarchos foundation cultural center is 4 . 4 km from the property .
for children there is a playground with a swing and a sandpit .
guests can unwind with a cup of green tea or a video - on - demand movie .
portland international jetport is 2 . 3 miles from this south portland , maine hotel .
at villa campo del mar you will find a private beach area other facilities like a children ' s playground are offered . the property offers free parking .
the city of thiers is just a 20 - minute drive away .
guests can enjoy mountain views from the restaurant ’ s sun terrace .
situated in a historic building dating back to the 19th century , vienna ' s place city - apartment gumpendorferstraße features a flat - screen cable tv and a modern bathroom .
guests can enjoy drinks outside on the terrace .
guests enjoy the convenience of a tour desk . laundry services are also available upon request .
the reception desk works 24 hours a day .
it offers spacious rooms with private sea view balcony , a pool with children ’ s area , and a 24 - hour front desk .
a 32 - inch flat - screen tv is included in each room at gretna inn . all air - conditioned rooms feature a microwave and a refrigerator .
it offers luxurious accommodation with a fully equipped kitchen and free wi - fi .
there is a shared kitchen at the property .
guests can enjoy a drink at the on - site cocktail bar , while there is also a pool bar .
pampering massage can be enjoyed in the room .
breakfast is continental and includes a wide selection of sicilian specialities , including fresh orange juice .
best western hotel globus city offers a wellness centre , parking , and wi - fi , all for free .
certain rooms feature a view of the garden or a fireplace .
private bathroom is equipped with a shower and slippers are provided .
the guest house is located only a 4 - minute walk from a boating lake .
bright and spacious , all air - conditioned studios and apartments open out to a furnished balcony .
an indonesian restaurant is available within a 5 - minute walk from the property and breakfast is served in the room .
the victoria inn ’ s rooms are ideal for those looking to explore london on a low budget .
the private bathroom comes with shower .
the suite and villa include a fully equipped kitchenette .
the nearest airport is olbia costa smeralda airport , 3 km from the property .
in addition to the wellness and spa areas , many other sports and leisure opportunities are available .
located in the resort of playa de las americas , hotel la siesta is set 300 metres from the beach .
the town of gradac is 9 km away from glavina apartments .
restaurants , pizzerias , bars and shops can all be found inside the tourist complex .
guests can relax at the outdoor pool or in the on - site spa area .
guests at san francesco can enjoy a sweet breakfast buffet including coffee , fruit juice and cakes .
the property also offers free parking .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out dorival caymmi statue ( 2 . 6 km ) and army historic museum and fort of copacabana ( 2 . 6 km ).
bonfim church is just 10 metres away and matriz church is 500 metres away .
thawee grand mansion is located 2 kms from ubon ratchathani airport and robinson department store .
the nearest airport is split airport , 18 km from apartment taras .
you can enjoy sports at the lakefront or walk 100 metres into bardolino , where you will find shops , restaurants , cafés and bars .
lembah impian resort is a 20 - minute drive from kota kinabalu airport and tanjung aru railway station .
split airport is located 86 km from the property .
select units offer mountain views .
the games room features a pool table , giant chess and table tennis .
guests are welcome to prepare their own meals using the fully equipped kitchenette alternatively guests can visit the restaurants in the vicinity and taste the most traditional portuguese dishes .
free public parking is available on site .
the alpine city lounge consists of a bedroom with cable tv , a modern kitchen , a bathroom with bathrobes and hairdryer and an anteroom .
la maquinista shopping centre is 10 minutes ’ walk away .
private bathrooms come complete with a bath or shower and free toiletries .
featuring air conditioning , asia place is located in bangkok , 8 km from wat arun .
you can enjoy a lake view and a garden view .
the nearest beach is only 50 metres away from palatino .
you can prepare meals using the villa ’ s kitchen , which is fully equipped with a dishwasher and an oven .
a private garage is available on site .
aparthotel golf coast also includes a terrace .
the on - site restaurant serves tasty organic seafood and thai dishes .
guests of home atmosphere apartments on molokova street can cook at the fully equipped kitchen .
las ondas is 5 km from garopaba ’ s bus station and 70 km from florianópolis .
it features a garden , terrace with hammocks and free wi - fi throughout .
set in poti , this apartment features free wifi . guests benefit from balcony .
guests ' can enjoy the expansive pool and tennis facilities at the royal lahaina resort with no resort fee .
at holiday home ved brønden hasle i you will find a sauna , a hot tub and a terrace . free parking is available on site .
some units include a terrace and / or balcony with garden or city views .
there is also a kitchen , fitted with an oven and fridge .
with keystone ski and snowboard mountain a 13 - minute walk away , activities such as skiing , snowshoeing and ice skating are all easily accessible .
free wi - fi and a 24 - hour reception are available .
the nearest airport is ohrid airport , 9 km from villa nada .
some have access to the exclusive club lounge , located on an upper floor with views of both the sea and the city centre .
24 - hour room service is also available .
offering a ski school and a ski pass sales point , studio zorro is situated in pas de la casa .
further to the services offered , at a surcharge the owners organise excursions to different historical places in the region .
they feature local wall tapestry , luxury fibres and large windows giving harbour views .
it features a business centre and provides free wi - fi access throughout the property .
located in comitan de dominguez , this modern hotel offers an on - site restaurant and free wi - fi . it also has a tour desk that can arrange extreme sports and guided outings .
free private parking is available on site .
located in a residential area in calpe , calpe villa bram is a 3 - bedroom holiday home with private swimming pool and attractive mountain views .
each one has a private bathroom with a shower and toiletries .
the complex is located just outside the village of poyales del hoyo . the nearby sierra de gredos regional park is known for its dense forests and small mountain streams .
you can play billiards at the hotel .
it has wonderful views of the mountains , and is an ideal base for outdoor activities .
reception is open 24 hours a day and offers free daily newspapers .
a wide range of beers , cocktails and wines can be enjoyed at the bar .
the free ski bus stops right outside , and the ski slope ends 200 metres away .
rooms at the king arthur hotel come with a tv , a writing desk and tea and coffee making facilities .
santa monica also offers entertainment , including flamenco , live music and a moving disco .
laundry , dry - cleaning and ironing services are offered to all guests at a surcharge .
podolsk is 18 km from apartment na koroleva . moscow domodedovo airport is 4 km away .
tuan chau island is 13 km away .
offering an outdoor pool , seasonal outdoor pool and sun terrace , château de darrech is situated in tasque in the midi - pyrénées region . 49 km from pau .
a microwave , a refrigerator and a stovetop can be found in the kitchen .
air - conditioned guest rooms are fitted with a phone and a flat - screen tv with cable channels .
it offers an outdoor swimming pool , an on - site restaurant and free wifi .
each room at this hotel is air conditioned and is fitted with a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
west des moines marriott provides bright , air - conditioned rooms with wireless internet access .
watch tv in your room or relax in front of the fireplace in the lobby .
gstaad is only 10 km and the les diablerets glacier is 4 km away from the hotel viktoria .
best western coastal waters is a 20 - minute walk to the nyerimilang heritage park and the griffiths sea shell museum .
the holiday park features free wifi throughout the property .
each room includes a tv with cable channels and air conditioning .
you can start the day with an italian - style breakfast , it includes sweet pastries and croissants together with hot drinks .
located in the city center at the central square , linda ' s city hostel is only 500 metres from the main train station and the bahnhofstrasse , zürich ’ s main downtown street and shopping avenue .
the nearest airport is naples international airport , a 1 - hour drive from the property .
a tour desk and a shuttle service are offered at the hotel .
you can sit down with a drink on the adjoining terrace and admire the panoramic dune views .
cathedral speyer is 700 metres from amadeus restaurant und hotel , while stadthalle speyer is 600 metres from the property .
shuttle services are available at an extra charge .
the hotel is a 15 - minute walk from le bon marché department store .
guests have views of the surrounding valley from inside the restaurant or out on the terrace .
this hotel features a leisure area with a rooftop pool , sauna , squash court and gym .
free private parking is available on site .
guests have access to an outdoor pool and a garden .
a ski slope is located next to the property .
guests can enjoy a meal at the on - site restaurant or a drink at the bar .
the closest train station is frisvadvej station , only 400 metres away .
ascoli piceno is 46 km from sonia ' s apartments .
simply decorated , all the air - conditioned dormitory rooms come with bunk beds , lockers and electric sockets .
the property is equipped with a 24 - hour front desk and an outdoor pool .
the rooms have a parquet floor and typical wooden ceiling beams .
all feature air conditioning and a large lcd tv .
flamingo country club bodrum has a variety of restaurants , serving varied international cuisine , and there are well - stocked shops where guests can stock up on self - catering supplies .
most rooms have a private sauna .
the air - conditioned rooms include free wi - fi and cable tv .
you can start your day with a buffet - style sweet and savoury breakfast .
staff at the 24 - hour reception can provide information about the surrounding area , or arrange airport transfers on request .
nanettes villa is conveniently located in the heart of pacific harbour . it is 150 metres from local shops and restaurants , and 900 metres from pearl south pacific championship golf course .
the gym and swimming pool offers guests the opportunity to get some exercise .
2 pièces palais festivals , rue macé is a self - catering accommodation located in the centre of cannes , just a 2 - minute walk from the famous croisette and a 5 - minute walk from the palais des festivals de cannes .
sunrise select garden beach resort also features 2 pubs and 4 bars , including a pool bar and a beach bar .
there are indoor and outdoor dining options , and the café features a cosy open fireplace .
the on - site wellness centre offers a hot tub for free and a sauna for surcharge .
free on - site parking is provided .
the property offers free parking .
tornimae 7 apartment boasts views of the city and is 600 metres from estonian national opera .
a business centre and a complimentary transfer service within 3 . 2 km are available as well .
featuring a fireplace , apartments pirineus great mountain views .
featuring free wifi and a spa centre , yangzhou seclusion averatec phoenix island resort & spa offers superior accommodation in yangzhou . the resort has a hot spring bath and hot tub , guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant .
a flat - screen tv and private bathroom come as standard , and wifi is included free of charge .
the private bathroom includes a hairdryer and free toiletries .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out discovery chair ( 11 ) ( 200 metres ) and broadway express ( 1 ) ( 300 metres ).
the lounge includes a selection of drinks from area wineries and breweries .
the surrounding area is full of restaurants , bars and shops .
the domaine de kereven features individually decorated rooms with private bathrooms .
some rooms have a seating area to relax in after a busy day .
this 250 - hectaure , entirely pedestrian , eco - resort offers fully - equipped houses and 2 - bedroom apartments with flat - screen tvs and coffee machines .
free guest parking is available .
guests are offered with a variety of dining options nearby such as bars , pubs and restaurants serving asian and western cuisine .
each air - conditioned room at the premier inn london wembley park offers a private bathroom with a shower , bath , and a hairdryer .
all beds in the dormitory room feature air conditioning , a flat - screen tv and shared room with shower facilities .
being located in a village that is an architectural reserve , dedovite kushti offers a peaceful garden with an outdoor seating area .
some units also have a kitchen , equipped with an oven , a microwave , and a fridge .
many have wonderful views of the countryside .
you will enjoy relaxing in the sauna and working out at the gym .
linate airport is only 7 km away .
odalys les jardins de val et les verdets is situated in the val d ’ isère ski resort , just 300 metres from the ski lifts .
icelandic horses can be rented on site .
nice is 22 km away .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with free toiletries .
the hotel is located on the main road towards palenque archeological area .
appartementvermietung bad füssing ’ s rooms are light - flooded and come with a dining area , free wi - fi and comfortable seating area . the private bathrooms include a shower .
cutlery , a refrigerator and a tea / coffee maker can be found in the kitchens .
free bikes are available to explore the surroundings .
complete with a microwave , the dining area also has an electric kettle .
free wifi is available throughout .
keswick and derwent water are both just a 10 - minute drive away , while the western lakes are around 30 minutes ' drive .
some rooms offer a spa bath .
a breakfast is available each morning at maison lameloise and it can be served in the dining room or comfort of your own room .
each room comes with a seating area and en - suite bathroom with a hairdryer .
enjoy tasty breakfast on the flowered loggia facing the sea , and then relax under the sunlights of corsica .
hortamar has elegantly decorated rooms with wooden furniture and modern bathrooms .
the on - site market provides a selection of snacks and drinks and is open 24 / 7 .
the unit has a furnished terrace where guests may enjoy al fresco meals .
free barbecue appetizers and local craft beer are available on wednesday evenings .
hat sai ri is 15 km from hop inn chumphon , while chumphon night plaza is 500 metres from the property .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including skiing , cycling and hiking .
a private bathroom offers a shower .
free wifi and private parking are also available .
the centre of coleraine is 6 km away and offers a variety of cafés , restaurants and supermarkets .
the rooms also offer satellite tv with added german channels , a safe and a ceiling fan .
hotel sevan plaza offers a lobby bar and breakfast buffet .
towels and bed linen are featured in this apartment .
all bright apartments are air - conditioned and have free access to wired internet .
offering a 24 - hour reception , alcatraz backpacker hostel is situated in berlin ’ s lively prenzlauer berg district .
at cedar inn , guests can arrange for a soothing massage , use the free shuttle service or get their clothes laundered and ironed .
t lisbon rooms insuites has a shuttle service at and additional cost , and lisbon internation airport is around 7 km away .
this 9 - storey apart hotel was inaugurated in 2007 in the palermo district of buenos aires .
it offers free wi - fi and a private outdoor heated pool with massage showers .
king abdulaziz international airport is 76 km away . the property offers free parking at a nearby location .
gillette - campbell county airport is 10 minutes ’ drive away .
the bathroom is equipped with a shower and free toiletries .
they have a private bathroom featuring a bathtub and shower .
each room includes a minibar , a safe and a private bathroom with a hairdryer and toiletries .
hotel rey chindasvinto offers traditional , rustic accommodation in the medieval village of covarrubias .
the property has water sports facilities and free use of bicycles is available .
a bus stopping 100 metres away links with catania and palermo .
a continental breakfast buffet is served daily in the garden or in the restaurant , including hot beverages , sweet pastries , cold cuts , eggs and cheeses .
the en suite bathroom offers free toiletries and a hairdryer .
jan ' s place in the old town offers pet - friendly accommodation in prague . the apartment is 300 metres from prague astronomical clock .
centaure v ste croix is a self - catering accommodation located in sainte - croix , is about 29 mq and is on the ground floor .
casas rurales mirador al castillo is located in paracuellos de la vega , 40 minutes ’ drive from cuenca .
the property features a seating area with at tv , and a dining area .
the beautiful pge arena is less than 4 km away from grand - tourist apartment regent .
guesthouse k & k is 2 . 6 km from the bell and drum tower . big wild goose pagoda is a 15 - minute bus drive away , while xi ' an railway station is a 20 - minute drive away .
suites lafragua is located 1 km from the manuel avila camacho seafront and 3 km from veracruz town centre .
a tv with satellite channels is featured .
this holiday home is 77 km from billund airport .
leisure options at hotel k5 levi include a solarium and gym .
rooms at choyo tei hotel are air - conditioned and include a yukata robe , an electric kettle with green tea and a section with tatami ( woven - straw ) flooring .
the apartment will provide you with a tv , air conditioning and a seating area . there is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven .
each has a piste or forest view from the balcony .
free wi - fi access is available . it offers a sauna , a gym and a restaurant .
this hotel makes an ideal base for central and eastern asturias , including gijon , oviedo , covadonga , cangas de onís and ribadesella .
the accommodation will provide you with a tv , satellite channels , a dvd player and a cd player .
there you can visit the unesco - protected euphrasian basilica .
złote tarasy shopping centre is within 1 . 6 km .
private bathroom comes with a shower , bathtub and a hairdryer .
located just off i - 35 and less than 2 . 5 miles from downtown temple , this hotel features an outdoor pool .
the uganda national museum is within 2 . 5 km of fairway hotel & spa and entebbe international airport is within 45 km . gaddafi mosque is 4 km away from the property .
guests can enjoy relaxing in turquesa ’ s internal patio or reading room .
the hotel is a stroll from shopping and entertainment areas .
each room at hotel laghetto viverone moinhos is air - conditioned and features modern décor .
the property offers free parking .
paradise villas is 3 km from tesco lotus shopping mall thep prasit 1 .
it offers self - contained accommodation with a private patio and lovely mountain views .
gare de lyon train station is only a 15 - minute walk away .
other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities .
chengdu north railway station is 3 km away .
vacationers refuge is located in anzio , 10 km from nettuno . free wifi is provided and free private parking is available on site .
within 1 km , guests can find restaurants and bars .
each of these self - contained villas includes a lounge area with tv and sofa , ceiling fans , heating and private barbecue facilities .
the hotel also serves as an ideal base for exploring the stone - built villages of mani .
guests can also relax in the beer garden with barbecue terrace .
the residences centennial park offers luxury self - contained accommodation with free wifi and free on - site parking .
overlooking douglas bay , the 5 - star englewood lodge offers individually designed rooms with luxury en suite facilities and sea views .
some offer views of the city .
the nearest airport is avignon - provence airport , 9 km from hotel boquier .
for your comfort , you will find free toiletries and a hair dryer .
set in juan dolio , villas alexandra offers a year - round outdoor pool and barbecue .
further , the surrounding area offers a variety of activities from golf to thermal water health cures .
florence is 15 km from the property , while arezzo can be reached in approximately a 1 - hour drive .
the kitchen is equipped with a refrigerator , oven and a tea maker .
at holiday home klydevænget you will find barbecue facilities and a terrace .
the functional rooms here will provide you with a tv and cable channels .
the house features hand built classical furniture .
private parking is available on site .
all en suite , rooms at the union hotel include a safe , flat - screen satellite tv and tiled floors .
guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant .
private parking is available , also for free .
each room is decorated in a black and white décor . they are furnished with a tv , desk and private bathroom with shower .
free wifi access is available .
the hotel also has a bar on site .
most of the rooms at schlosshotel kassel include a balcony .
na skarpie houses a restaurant serving regional and international dishes for breakfast .
guests can make use of the fully - equipped shared kitchen , and unwind with a drink at the bar .
honda bay is just 3 km from the resort .
there is a fully - equipped kitchen with a refrigerator and kitchenware .
pachino is 6 km from the property .
arve apartment has modern furnishings with parquet flooring .
the on - site restaurant serves a wide selection of nepalese , chinese and continental dishes . cocktails can be enjoyed at the bar .
in the small town of isigny sur mer , the hôtel de france , former relay station , is located at the bottom of the bay of veys 3 km from the sea .
the stylish bathroom includes a bathtub , shower and hairdryer .
within a 350 - metre reach , you can find some dining options and a bar .
free wifi access is available .
set in a plot of 7 . 000 m2 with trees and a garden , stylish & nature home is a detached holiday home situated in agios antonios village and is 30 km from thessaloníki city centre .
extra linen and apartment servicing are available on request for longer stays .
the red square is 12 km away from the property .
b & b altes rathaus offers a wine bar where guests can taste a variety of wine selections and snacks .
guests can enjoy mediterranean - inspired cuisine for breakfast , lunch and dinner at noma social restaurant .
a work desk , bed linen and ironing facilities are included .
the hotel also offers car hire .
accommodation will provide you with a tv , a terrace and a minibar .
there is a separate children swimming pool , as well as an extensive garden area for children to play .
the property has a bar - restaurant which can also provide room service on request .
all guest rooms feature an en - suite bathroom and a balcony .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower .
free wifi is featured .
german beers and wines can be enjoyed on the terrace or in the conservatory .
the casino features card games , slot machines , shows and dining .
towels and toiletries are available .
several restaurants , bars and cafes are in the immediate vicinity of the zigzag beograd apartments .
set 450 metres from vale aurelia metro and train station , apartment valle aurelia offers self - catering accommodation in rome .
located in availles limousines , 350 metres from the river vienne , this hotel has soundproofed rooms with free wi - fi access , a flat - screen tv and a private bathroom with a hairdryer .
it offers free acces to the fitness room , sauna and wifi .
towels and bed linen are featured in this self - catering accommodation .
wi - fi is free throughout the premises , and free indoor parking is provided on site .
the wine bar offers an interesting regional selection .
guests can relax in the garden or enjoy beauty treatments at the spa .
pesaro is 46 km from casale civetta . ancona falconara airport is 30 km from the property .
it offers stylish accommodation with free wi - fi .
an independent house with private garden , villa lauda is just 50 metres from the public beach in rivabella di rimini .
free wi - fi is available throughout .
the air - conditioned studios and apartments at chrysanthos open out to a balcony with garden or street views .
the hotel is located just 5 minutes ‘ drive from the motorway .
free private parking is available on site .
arbatskaya metro station is a 4 - minute walk from the philipp guest house .
featuring 5 private hot spring baths and accommodation with a magnificent sea view , oceanview villa jaiz is located in ito , just a 15 - minute taxi ride from jr ito train station .
ottaviano metro station is 900 metres from la qualità della vita .
breakfast is served at the dining area on the ground floor .
this hostel is located directly next to famous vondelpark , just an 8 - minute walk from leidseplein .
they all include a private pool and an outdoor dining area .
there is a seating area , a dining area and a kitchen equipped with dishwasher and microwave .
the en suite bathroom comes with a hairdryer .
the property offers free parking .
torrelavega ’ s plaza mayor is just over 1 km from the hotel and the town ’ s train and bus station is a 5 - minute drive away .
featuring a bath or shower , private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer .
it offers a restaurant , free parking and bright rooms with satellite tv .
the beautiful countryside at your doorstep offers interesting sports and leisure activities throughout the year .
reggio calabria airport is 90 km from simenzaru wild village .
the yha penzance has dormitory rooms with shared bathroom facilities . there is also a tv lounge with wi - fi access , and on - site laundry facilities are available .
offering an outdoor pool and a restaurant , praia mansa apartaments offers self - catering accommodation .
free wifi access is available in some of the rooms .
madeira airport is a 1 - hour drive from the casa do valgao .
extras include a washing machine and a tumble dryer .
located in the centre of lavandou , 200 meters from its sandy beach , this hotel offers simple yet elegant rooms with free wi - fi .
a ski shuttle service is free .
air - conditioned rooms also include a cable tv with additional film channels and a work desk .
the m4 motorway and 2 rail stations are within 1 mile , and it has a garden terrace and restaurant .
free private parking is available on site .
the ferrière ’ s restaurant serves traditional and creative cuisine , and guests can choose to eat in the dining room , on the veranda or the terrace .
the bathrooms offer a shower or bath and hairdryer .
featuring free wifi and air conditioning , vinodelnya is set in massandra , 1 . 9 km from yalta .
a tv is provided .
free parking is available on site .
dosaaf bus stop is a minute ’ s walk from severnaya zvezda hotel and syktyvkar city centre is a 5 - minute drive away .
ski lifts can be reached by car in 5 to 15 minutes .
private bathrooms come with a hairdryer , free toiletries , bathrobes and slippers .
featuring air conditioning , apartment lavroviy pereulok 5 is located in yalta , 1 km from yalta . alushta is 28 km from the property .
en suite bathrooms come with a bathtub , shower and free toiletries .
it is a 15 - minute drive from klong nin beach and a 20 - minute drive from saladan pier .
this victorian - style inn features vintage furniture and paintings by local artists .
a 42 ́ flat - screen tv with satellite channels is available in the living room .
it offers stylish , air - conditioned apartments with free wi - fi and flat - screen satellite tv .
private bathroom includes both bath and shower with hot spring water .
it has large gardens with swimming pool overlooking the chianti valley .
tito schipa b & b is located in lecce .
situated along the mediterranean shores , this hotel features a private beach area with free sun loungers and parasols .
tea and coffee - making facilities are included in every guest room at pear tree inn cape girardeau .
peniche shoreline guides features a a communal kitchen and a lounge . there is a watersports equipment and bicycle rental and a barbecue in the backyard .
free wired or wireless internet is available .
these self - catering accommodations are fully equipped with modern amenities as well as satellite tv .
they offer air conditioning , lcd cable tv and telephone .
brest train station is 1 . 5 km away , and brest airport is 18 km from paulmarie apartments on kosmonavtov
there is a seating area and a kitchen as well as a private bathroom with free toiletries and a hairdryer .
located in the centre of town , warrego hotel motel cunnamulla features a restaurant and air - conditioned rooms with a flat - screen tv .
at hotel puerto banana you will find a 24 - hour front desk .
each suite displays exposed beams and original stone walls , and is decorated in a contemporary style .
free wifi access is available .
from 2014 , there is a gym with a small climbing wall , mirrors or wall bars .
a breakfast buffet is available for an extra charge .
luggage storage can be found at the 24 - hour front desk .
this hotel in the centre of füssen offers renovated rooms and free wifi in all areas .
operating a 24 - hour front desk , paris hotel is situated conveniently within 500 metres to the famous da lat market and ho xuan huong lake .
hotel iq timisoara is situated in a quiet residential area of southern timisoara .
rooms have a classic décor with parquet floors and antique furniture , while some include a spa bath .
hotel ariston is 500 metres from bristol beach and 1 km from torreon del monje .
staff at reception can provide information and recommendations .
other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage and a children ' s playground .
concierge services are provided at reception .
the property can accommodate up to eight guests .
guests have access to free wifi in all areas and free public parking is available on site .
life park kurashiki center is a 10 - minute drive from the hotel .
baan pakgasri hideaway is a 15 - minute drive from saladan pier . driving ranges and thai boxing stadium are a 20 - minute drive from the property .
it features a garden with fruit trees and free wifi throughout .
at ferienhaus perle you will find a garden and a terrace .
those in need can make use of the business centre free of charge .
activities like horse riding and hiking can be enjoyed in the surrounding area .
free wifi is featured .
barbecue facilities are available as well .
the fully - furnished apartments are all fitted with a seating area , a private bathroom , a dining area , a fully - equipped kitchen , bed linen , towels and a city view .
it is composed of a kitchen , separate living room with dining area and sofa bed .
the ideal starting point for active summer and winter breaks , the hotel is also a destination for recovery and relaxation for body and soul .
offering a garden and barbecue , asklipion valley guest house is set 4 . 5 km from kos town .
portobacana is located just 3 blocks from the waterfront , in porto seguro centre .
lombok international airport is reachable within 1 hour and 40 minutes by car and boat .
breakfast , lunch and dinner are served as an open buffet at the hotel .
matane ferry is 65 km away .
velero ana sofia includes a master bedroom and a seating area with 2 sofa beds .
apartments have a terrace or balcony , and a living room with a sofa and a flat - screen tv . the apartments include an equipped kitchenette .
holiday home vollerup vang is located in kalundborg and offers a sea view .
the guest rooms feature a flat - screen tv and private bathroom .
it features an outdoor swimming pool in its beautiful one - hectare park .
guests can check e - mails at the business centre or relax at the full - service neoveda spa , which offers massage services and a steam room . there is also a shop selling a range of items including hand - woven scarves , an assortment of teas and aromatherapy oils .
it is surrounded by many restaurants , bars and cafés .
surrounded by a lush garden , nikos studios features spacious accommodation with a furnished , spacious balcony or terrace .
the property provides free private parking for guests .
the small village of roncesvalles is 12 km away and 8 km from the french border .
free wifi is offered throughout the property .
posada karut josh is 600 metres from the bus terminal and 23 km from el calafate airport .
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and a fridge .
the sala dei sogni restaurant serves traditional local and italian cuisine .
the helpful concierge service can help arrange travel details .
it features its own diving shop , which offers diving courses .
free private parking is available on site .
guests can relax in the hotel ’ s cozy lounge with a fireplace and bar , or on the garden terrace .
a satellite tv and fridge are included in all rooms at the pighi .
free wifi is offered throughout the property .
the hotel offers a 24 - hour front desk , room service , and meeting facilities .
other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities , a tour desk and luggage storage room .
each also comes with a private bathroom with bathtub or shower .
you will find a shared kitchen at the property .
with air conditioning , apartments come with a seating area with a sofa and a flat - screen tv . each has an equipped kitchen .
each unit has a private bathroom .
a daily breakfast is served in the hotel ' s courtyard cafe .
spacious and air - conditioned , luxurious rooms are equipped with a cable tv , fridge and en suite bathroom with hot shower .
furnished in a rustic alpine style , the rooms feature a seating area , satellite tv , a minibar , and a bathroom with hairdryer .
the famous hawa mahal is 2 . 6 km away .
all rooms have a flat - screen tv with cable channels .
this 18th century farmhouse offers an outdoor pool and a lush garden filled with chestnut and oak trees .
sochiflat apartments is a self - catering accommodation located in sochi , 100 metres from tsvetnoy bulvar park .
other facilities include electric heating and it is possible to make use of the wood - burning stove .
vladimirov guest house also features a children ' s playground .
it is 90 km from colombo city and 125 km from sri lanka international airport .
rooms have a shared bathroom , while studios include a kitchenette with microwave .
offering an external shower , it also has private parking .
the nearest golf course is 17 km away in villaviciosa .
it is a 40 - minute drive from hangzhou xiaoshan international airport .
the surrounding forest is ideal for cycling and hiking .
free wifi is available .
a ski bus and a local bus stop 800 metres away in the centre of westendorf .
it offers a fully equipped unit with flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
roma termini train station is a 10 - minute walk from apartments colosseo forum , while the trevi fountain is 1 . 2 km away .
guests enjoy good transport links around town .
alghero airport is 14 km from the property , while stintino can be reached in a 1 - hour drive .
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher .
apartments come with a seating area with a sofa and tv . each has a fully - equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a washing machine is available , as well .
private bathroom includes a bath or shower , slippers , hairdryer and free toiletries .
bonaventure island ferry is 10 minutes ’ walk away .
they also have a private bathroom .
panormos beach is at a distance of 500 metres .
a kitchenette with stove , microwave , and refrigerator is featured in every room at the hawthorn suites cincinnati blue ash .
free wi - fi access and a flat - screen tv are part of every room at the atlanta motel . they have a microwave and a refrigerator and are furnished with a work desk .
some rooms feature a spacious lounge area with a sofa .
with air conditioning , each room is equipped with a flat - screen tv . the private bathroom is equipped with a bath or shower , bidet and free toiletries .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including skiing , cycling and horse riding .
room service is also available .
schwertfegerhaeuschen offers free wifi and a historic inner courtyard .
hiking and cycling can be done in the surroundings , and on - site farm activities can also be arranged .
each room has a private bathroom with a hairdryer .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a bath or shower and a hairdryer .
close to the motorway , the dolci colli offers free parking and great road links .
it has an outdoor swimming pool , gym and free wi - fi .
certain rooms have a seating area for your convenience .
located in karlovy vary , lira apartments offers self - catering accommodation , 600 metres from the mill colonnade thermal bath .
banje , the most popular beach in town , with views of the fortifications , is within 500 metres .
akranes rooms is located in akranes , west iceland , 42 km from reykjavík .
each room at premier inn features an en suite bathroom equipped with a hairdryer , tea and coffee making facilities , and a tv with satellite channels .
ecocamp is located 5 km from the amarga lagoon ranger station ( 1 of the 3 national park entrances ).
villa di castello is surrounded by typical mediterranean vegetation , which offers possibilities for relaxation .
the air - conditioned rooms come with a dry rack and a fan .
the guest rooms at the bluenose lodge and victorian inn are decorated in different colors and each boasts hardwood floors .
travel arrangements can be made at the tour desk .
a 24 - hour front desk is provided at the dubois holiday inn express hotel & suites .
there is a fully - equipped kitchen with household appliances and kitchenware .
the air - conditioned studios and apartments feature a dishwasher and a dvd player .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
at rusilovo you will find a garden and a terrace .
situated in malorechenskoye , 43 km from yalta , domik v derevne features air - conditioned rooms and free private parking .
adiyaman airport is 23 km away .
le hoang villa is a detached double situated in da lat and featuring a garden with a sun terrace .
you can enjoy views of the lake from the shared lounge and the terrace .
bedrooms have parquet floors and the kitchen floors are tiled .
the light rail system is within 1 . 5 km , offering access to downtown attractions , the museum district and the houston zoo .
the property offers a free shuttle service to and from norfolk island international airport which is 6 minutes ' drive away .
the main bus station and ferry port are 2 km away .
samano is a 25 - minute drive from villa rimo country house , while ascoli piceno is 57 km away . macerata is a 45 - minute drive from the property .
mil palmeras is a detached holiday home with an outdoor pool , set in pilar de la horadada .
taroko national park is a 35 - minute drive away .
asturias airport is 90 minutes ’ drive away .
tq plaza is 3 . 5 km from apartment stevan , while top hill club is 5 km away .
trabzon airport is 5 km from the hotel . trabzon hagia sophia museum is 3 . 5 km away .
each morning , a breakfast buffet is prepared in the hotel beckmann ' s breakfast room .
free private parking is possible at the eisenhut haus .
all rooms are brightly decorated and include free wi - fi and a work desk .
1860 country cottages is a 9 - minute drive from mount pleasant and a 40 - minute drive from the barossa valley .
it is set in a residence with swimming pool and wellness centre .
bicycle rentals are available at reception . you can also book a variety of beauty treatments , facials and massages .
other facilities offered at the property include a ticket service , an ironing service and laundry facilities .
a swimming pool and free sun loungers are provided at hotel vedren .
kansas city airport is 82 km away .
split airport is 25 km away .
located in the picturesque town of pylos , the family - run hotel anezina offers self - catering accommodation with panoramic views over the navarino bay and the island of sfaktiria . the beach is a 10 - minute walk and pylos castle is within walking distance .
the property houses an indoor pool , a gym , and accommodation with a kitchen and free wifi access .
a kitchenette with cooking facilities , fridge and dining area is provided in all accommodation types at the apollon aparmtents . each air - conditioned unit has a private bathroom with shower .
the nearest golf course is a 25 - minute drive away .
tour arrangements and ticketing services are available at the tour desk .
situated a 1 - minute walk from patong beach , modern living hotel boasts an on - site seafood restaurant and free wifi throughout the property .
at pensiunea la moara , guests will find a garden with barbecue facilities and a children ’ s playground .
there is a fully equipped kitchen , including a dishwasher and a microwave .
snacks and exotic drinks can be ordered from the 24 - hour bar .
free private parking is available on site .
hamrafoss holiday home offers accommodation in foss a sidu , right by kirkjubæjarklaustur .
wifi is provided free of charge in all areas of the palace hotel polom .
buffet breakfast is daily served .
the air - conditioned house features a kitchen , indoor and outdoor dining area and living room with tv .
steps from zhongxin square and guangzhou east railway station , estay poly international apartments features cosy accommodation with well - equipped facilities .
bike hire is available at this guest house and the area is popular for cycling .
wired internet is available .
all air - conditioned mobile homes come with a kitchenette and verandah .
located in the heart of baden - württemberg , less than 7 km from the a8 motorway , the hotel is an ideal base from which to explore the region .
novorossiysk is 15 km from raduga , while divnomorskoye is 23 km from the property .
the stylish , air - conditioned dormitory room are decorated with wall paintings and include individual lockers .
luggage storage is available at reception .
the private bathroom comes with a shower and provides a hairdryer .
each air - conditioned unit has a balcony and safety deposit box . shower facilities are included in an en suite bathroom .
you can walk to linyi railway station in 3 minutes .
each room in dalian dafu hotel is fitted with a tv . a private bathroom is included . slippers and free toiletries are provided .
a bus stopping right in front of it offers direct service to the local hospital and train station .
free parking and free wifi are available . the apartments are situated in different locations in the 12th district of vienna .
rio de janeiro galeão international airport and santos dumont domestic airport can be reached within a 45 - minute drive .
guests will find taverns and mini markets within a short walk from studios itamos .
simply decorated , each guest room is fitted with a flat - screen tv with cable channels , a minibar and a cosy seating area .
madatech museum is 600 metres from carmel apartments .
a 30 - minute ride takes guests to phuket town , while patong beach is a 40 - minute ride away .
moroccan breakfast is served each morning at riad awatif 36 .
tarusa ’ s historical centre is located 2 km away , where guests can explore the tsvetaeva museum and tarusa art gallery .
a washing machine is also available .
northumberland national park is a 55 - minute drive from the bank guest house .
there is a selection of shops , bars and restaurants within 10 minutes ’ walk of the canaima .
the centre of mallnitz is only a 5 - minute walk away from hotel - pension edelweiss .
surgères tgv train station is 23 km away , and la rochelle airport is 60 km from the property .
all air - conditioned accommodation includes a refrigerator , tea / coffee making facilities and bed linen .
beautiful unit in potrero hill plar4263 features free wi - fi and a fully equipped kitchen .
after the redecoration in 2002 , all rooms have been fully equipped with all modern comforts to help make your holiday relaxing and memorable .
l ' ametlla de mar train station is 400 metres from the property .
at evalia apartments you will find bbq facilities and a communal lounge .
it also includes a fireplace , ironing facilities and a private bathroom with bath and shower .
it is situated in baden - baden town centre , just 300 metres from the kurhaus ( spa resort ).
a 24 - hour front desk will be happy to assist with car rental services and luggage storage .
the fairy tale - style thun castle is a 35 - minute drive away .
towels are available .
offering a studio with a balcony overlooking the impressive swiss alpine landscape , barga wohnung d4 is located in davos , a 9 - minute drive from the schatzalp funicular , a 4 - minute drive from vaillant arena , and 600 metres from davos congress centre ,
stromberg - heuchelberg nature park begins just 1 km from the wengerterstube & gästezimmer kern .
extras include ironing facilities , bed linen and towels .
it offers free wi - fi in public areas and an outdoor pool . parking is free .
common laundry facilities are also available
the accommodation at the family - run canterino will provide you with a tv and private bathroom .
a number of outdoor activities can be enjoyed within 5 km , such as hiking , fishing , horse riding , and skiing .
the waterfront is 2 . 5 km away .
offering a free outdoor pool , agriturismo borgo personatina is a farm producing its own olive oil located 4 km from the centre of sovicille .
toiletries and a hairdryer are provided in the en suite bathroom .
they offer bright interiors and free wi - fi .
located in the city centre , just 50 metres from the wonderful piazza dei priori , the historic nazionale offers the ideal base for you to explore beautiful volterra .
offering a terrace and views of the sea , avcilar zeugma park hotel is located in avcılar .
guests can enjoy a meal at the on - site restaurant .
outside there are various areas to site and relax , including a small decked patio , a long , shaded porch and a spacious garden .
rooms with a sofa are available .
featuring free wifi throughout the property , pensione venezia offers pet - friendly accommodation in brno .
free wifi is offered throughout the property and free private parking is available on site .
all units have a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
the property offers free parking .
the rooms include a private bathroom . for your comfort , you will find slippers and free toiletries .
free wifi access is offered .
the bathroom comes with a shower .
some come with a living area and a washing machine .
the apartment is 3 . 9 km from stary arbat street .
facilities offered at the property include a nightclub , a shared lounge and a children ' s playground .
situated in oulx , dependance oberje de la viere offers a garden and sun terrace . val thorens is 36 km from the property .
there is a cash machine at the property .
apartments also have a balcony overlooking the street .
villa oneiropagida features free wifi throughout the property .
free private parking is available at gasthof andres .
offering views of lake bolsena and surrounded by the lazio countryside , la riserva montebello is set in 3 separate buildings , each with a free outdoor pool .
all air - conditioned rooms and apartments feature satellite tv .
all of chbat ’ s rooms are air conditioned and fitted with tv , minibar and telephone .
guests of the apartman alpha can find a café on the ground floor of the building .
arcachon sncf train station is 250 metres from the residhome arcachon plazza .
they will find the rocher de la vierge 2 . 5 km from these apartments . the train station is 1 km away , while biarritz - anglet airport is located 2 km from this property .
kuningan city and ambassador shopping malls are both a 7 - minute drive from pop !
located in the copacabana district of rio de janeiro , the hotel biarritz invites you to rest in accommodations equipped with king - size beds and air conditioning .
the nearest airport is las americas airport , 7 km from the property .
guests can play billiards or enjoy massage treatments that can be organized on request .
featuring a kitchenette , air - conditioned apartment is equipped with a flat - screen satellite tv , a fridge and ironing facilities .
diamante offers a studio in siracusa , 500 metres from syracuse cathedral . the apartment is 600 metres from porto piccolo .
it houses 2 restaurants , a business centre and night club .
in a quiet location off the main road , haus puit is only 50 metres from the rifflsee cable car in the pitz valley .
in addition there is soon to be a spa area with sauna and jacuzzi .
different types of breakfast are available .
fully air - conditioned guestrooms feature modern interiors . each room is equipped with a minibar , tea / coffee making facilities and cable television .
the guest rooms at oceana palms are styled with contemporary furniture .
private parking is available at a surcharge .
free wi - fi access is available in all areas .
free bbq facilities are available in the garden , and free wifi is also provided .
free private parking is on site .
parking is free at the property .
you can engage in various activities , such as cycling and fishing .
the light and airy apartamento residencial wtc méxico is fitted with stylish , modern furniture .
the želiv monastery and the lipnice castle are 10 km and 12 km away respectively .
it offers a free parking and free wi - fi on site .
a flat - screen tv with cable channels is offered .
the most significant aspect of jormand hotel apartment sharjah is its strategic location on immigration road , making it the perfect choice for business as well as leisure travellers .
situated on a renovated 17th century farm , 3 km from the village of montagny , pierre des anges has a garden and terrace .
it takes 10 minutes to wucun bus station .
free wifi is available at the neighbouring guest house .
featuring free wifi throughout the property , machiya guest house mimoro offers accommodation in sakurai .
each studio and apartment includes a flat - screen satellite tv and a fully equipped kitchen .
a range of spirits and soft drinks is available in the bar with an adjoining conservatory , and gourmet specialities are served in the on - site restaurant for lunch and dinner .
it offers accommodation in an elegant , spacious and air - conditioned apartment boasting a view of the river daugava and the old town across it .
extras include bed linen and a fan .
the private bathroom is complete with a hairdryer .
kazan arena is 10 km from usadba liesnoy dvor , while soyembika tower is 13 km away .
housed in a 16th - century château , this b & b is 1 . 8 km from the centre of tourville - sur - arques .
guests can take advantage of a fitness centre and a business centre at main & sky .
bourges train station is 1 . 7 km away .
the private bathroom has a shower .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a bathrobe .
the air - conditioned cabins are spread around the landscaped grounds . they all come with self - catering facilities and dvd players .
from may until october , the zell am see - kaprun card is included , offering a free ship tour on the lake , free entry to some museums , free cable car rides and various discounts .
other facilities available at the property include tennis courts and jet skis .
apartment on rynok square 5 is an apartment located in the centre of lviv , a few steps from the bandinelli palace .
jordan village is 7 minutes ’ drive away .
madeira airport is 21 km from the apartment , and a 2 - hour boat connection to porto santo island departs from 3 km away .
a microwave , a fridge and a stovetop can be found in the kitchen .
en suite bathrooms come with a hairdryer , shower facilities and free toiletries .
located in the countryside , 30 km from central reykjavik , kidafell offers rooms with a seating area and wardrobe .
it offers air - conditioned apartments with a terrace and free wi - fi access .
featuring tile floors and raised bathroom sinks , iris studios offers sleek accommodations . the kitchenette features a microwave and refrigerator while the private bathroom includes a shower .
the raley field stadium is also close by .
other facilities and services offered include a shared lounge , a tour desk , laundry and luggage storage .
towels and bed linen are offered at three - bedroom house in clear creek .
located in denpasar , 300 metres from bali museum , grand mirah boutique hotel boasts an outdoor pool , barbecue and sun terrace .
birla mandir temple is 3 km from the atithi inn . the charminar mosque is 6 km away .
the air - conditioned rooms come with heating , a tv and a seating area .
only 200 metres from the jakubkova lúka ski resort , villa gerlach is set in novy smokovec within slovakia ' s oldest national park .
a rain shower is included in an en suite bathroom .
the property offers free parking .
a variety of activities can be enjoyed including the fitness centre and minigolf .
rooms here are all fitted with air conditioning and a fan .
free wifi is available .
one complimentary bottle of mineral water and a selection of tea are provided by hotel adlerhof .
a 10 - minute drive from senggigi beach , villa matahari terbenam offers a hillside retreat with calming views of the ocean and tropical greenery .
la perouse lorne is just 5 minutes ’ walk from lorne beach . it is a 5 - minute drive from lorne country club .
the common living room offers a stereo system and a dvd player .
it consists of a bedroom , a bathroom , and a fully equipped kitchen .
the en suite bathrooms include a shower and a hairdryer .
the magdalenengarten baroque gardens and the roemer - und pelizaeus - museum are just a 10 - minute walk away .
located in just a 5 - minute drive from tirta empul , gunung kawi and tampak siring morning market , madu puri spa villa offers an outdoor pool .
this easley hotel is within a 45 - minute drive of caesar ' s head state park .
the playground features a trampoline and a kart race track with various cars for children .
the staff is available 24 - hours to help arrange trips around amman .
it offers homely interiors and a well - equipped kitchenette with a dishwasher and a microwave .
the beautiful rivington country park is a 10 - minute drive from the wendover and offers numerous outdoor pursuits , such as a go ape !
fitted with wooden flooring and interiors , comfortable rooms at ko tao resort - paradise zone are completed with a cable tv , a refrigerator and a safety deposit box .
each room has an individual theme and is equipped with a flat - screen tv and an en suite bathroom .
a seating area and private bathroom with shower and hairdryer are included .
naxos town and port are 4 km away , while the long sandy beach of agia anna is 3 km away .
free wi - fi is accessible throughout the entire property .
in addition , guests are welcome to use the fitness centre .
set in saint petersburg , this apartment is 200 metres from church of the savior on spilled blood . the property boasts views of the river and is 300 metres from state russian museum .
the wellness centre includes a sauna , turkish bath and hot tub . massage and beauty treatments are also available .
the pet - friendly motel el rancho has free breakfast for all guests .
located at the foot of the l ’ espace val d ’ arly ski slopes , this residence offers apartments with private terraces .
guests can play billiards and tennis at the property .
at holiday home musvågevej ic you will find a sauna , a hot tub and bbq facilities .
marseille saint - charles train station is 2 km from the property .
situated in the heart of al shemal , aram house hotel apartments is an ideal spot from which to discover riyadh .
nezu museum is 900 metres from hotel allamanda aoyama , while mori art museum is 1 . 5 km away .
red square is 1 . 3 km from apartment kozitsky per 1a .
each simple room has a small desk and a tv .
you can explore a variety of attraction sites in a walk tour .
each unit comes with a private bathroom with a shower .
the nearest airport is tolmachevo airport , 18 km from the property .
restaurants and museums are within walking distance .
all guests must call prior to arrival at the guest house .
staff at the front desk can assist with luggage storage .
it has a restaurant serving national specialities .
the garden - view rooms are equipped with air conditioning and feature wooden interiors . the private bathroom includes a shower and hairdryer .
with large windows and parquet floors , rooms at hotel nación are very bright . all of them have dvd players and private bathrooms .
each room here will provide you with cable tv and a seating area .
the property is within walking distance to the historic la farmer ' s market and the grove shopping center .
a private bathroom also features in the chalet .
the hotel ’ s air - conditioned rooms offer luxurious interiors with rich décor and carpeted floors .
located in the historic centre of caltanissetta , appartamento nel cuore della sicilia offers self - catering accommodation with a private balcony .
the en suite bathroom comes with a shower , hairdryer and free toiletries .
apartment duje & josip is 200 metres from trogir marina and 300 metres from kamerlengo castle .
batumi international airport is 5 km away .
free parking is available on site .
each room at the sheridan inn provides a microwave and a refrigerator .
loxandra inn provides bicycles for guests to explore the local area .
located in luxor , arabesque house apartment is a 30 - minute drive from luxor international airport and luxor train station .
for guests that feel like visiting the surroundings , hampstead heath is 2 . 7 miles away and alexandra palace is 9 minutes ' drive away . zsl london zoo is 14 minutes ' drive away and o2 academy islington is 3 . 6 miles away .
set in odessa , this apartment features free wifi . the unit is 100 metres from duke de richelieu monument .
the petzen ski resort lies 25 km from the house , while the beautiful bathing lake , wörthersee , is approximately 30 km away . völkermarkt , where guests can find a public outdoor pool , is within 5 km .
guest can enjoy the buffet breakfast on the roof with castle views or relax in small garden at the reception hall and have drinks in modernly renovated cafe .
buiksloterweg offers a free ferry service to amsterdam central station .
a seating area and a minibar are in murjan ’ s air - conditioned studios and apartments .
metallist stadium is 5 km from hotel osnova stancia , while kharkov historical museum is 6 km away .
warmly decorated , each suite at el centro towneplace suites features a flat - screen tv with cable .
the rooms at the penzion chata felicia have a tv , carpeted flooring and a private bathroom .
guangzhou angel baby theme hotel offers accommodation in guangzhou . it is located a 5 - minute walk from hanxi chimelong metro station ( line 3 ) and chimelong paradise .
there is a supermarket within a 8 - minute drive for guests who want to cook at home , and the area boasts a range of restaurants serving national and international cuisine .
guests can enjoy free stand up paddling , snorkelling and there are 18 - hole golf courses nearby .
free private parking is available at the windfelder am see .
towels and bed linen are offered in this apartment .
you can enjoy city view from the room .
a free wi - fi access is available throughout the property .
the sansevero is on the second floor of a building of the 1960s .
the fully equipped kitchen includes an oven , stovetop , microwave and dishwasher .
apartments maraž also includes a barbecue .
satellite tv , a living area with a sofa and a private bathroom are also featured .
santa maria della pace is 200 metres from b & b millefiori , while duomo nuovo is 300 metres away .
the property offers free parking .
featuring an outdoor pool , a bbq and mini - market on site , camping zoo is 1 . 5 km from arco ’ s centre .
a bus stop is 100 metres away and burgas airport is 45 km away .
some apartments have a hairdryer , a washing machine and air conditioning , while all include cleaning products , bed linen and ironing facilities . the building has a lift .
you will find a shared kitchen at the property .
there is also a bar selling drinks and snacks .
the accommodation will provide you with a tv and a patio .
lunch and dinner are served at the bright restaurant .
packed lunches and grocery deliveries are available .
počitniška hiška is located in bohinj , only 6 km from lake bohinj .
a spa and wellness centre with various massage treatments is accessible upon charge .
other facilities include a tv room .
free wi - fi is available in the entire building .
izhevsk airport is 14 km away .
located in a rural , this modern b & b features an outdoor swimming pool and well - equipped kitchen .
the sandy beach is 300 metres away and puck train station is 550 metres from the property .
there is a fully equipped , open - plan kitchen , complete with a dishwasher , an oven and a coffee machine .
private bathroom comes with a hairdryer , a fine shower and free toiletries .
quinta da regaleira is 6 km from the sarrazola , while sintra national palace is 6 km away .
in the surrounding area guests will find the fado museum 30 metres away and the national phanteon an 8 - minute walk away . lisbon sé cathedral is 600 metres away and são jorge castle is a 13 - minute walk .
select rooms also offer a separate living room area .
on site parking is possible .
this homestay is 8 km from pinto martins airport .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with free toiletries and slippers .
a shop and a restaurant serving austrian and italian cuisine can be reached within 5 minutes on foot .
the como at home apartment is bright with parquet floors , and includes 2 bedrooms , a bathroom , and a living room with kitchen .
the hotel is 3 . 0 km from sanford usd medical center .
the accommodation will provide you with a tv and satellite channels .
for assistance with travel arrangements , the hotel has a tour desk .
the accommodation will provide you with a flat - screen tv and a terrace . there is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven . private bathroom also comes with a shower .
other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage . the property offers free parking .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling .
a fully functional kitchen with a fridge , microwave and oven is standard in all the modernly decorated apartments .
celebration golf club is 5 minutes ' drive away from the holiday home .
it can be reached in only 2 minutes by car or public bus .
the guest house also offers bike hire .
these cosy and spacious fully - furnished bungalows are all fitted with heating , a seating area , a private bathroom , a fully - equipped kitchen and a garden and mountain view .
a tv is featured .
located 10 minutes ' drive from levanto ’ s beach , l ' antico borgo b & b is set in the medieval hillside town of dosso .
the hotel ' s modern rooms all feature art work by atelier van lieshout and free wi - fi is available throughout the hotel .
there is a private bathroom with a bath .
a children ’ s playground is available , for the younger guests of the casa da urra .
the surrounding countryside is ideal for hiking and cycling .
there is free wi - fi and free parking .
chesapeake towneplace suites suffolk is 39 . 5 miles from colonial williamsburg .
there is also a snack bar .
free parking is provided at the madisonville big spring inn .
facilities of the property include an outdoor swimming pool , a bar serving drinks and tapas , fitness room with cardio equipment , massage room and underground parking , as well .
there is a private bathroom with a shower in every unit .
pula is known for its amphitheatre , one of the 6 largest surviving roman arenas in the world .
shanklin chine , a beautiful coastal woodland area with a waterfall , is a 15 - minute walk from clarence house b and b . shanklin and sandown golf club is 2 miles away and newport town centre is a 20 - minute car journey away .
all apartments have a private rooftop balcony with spectacular ocean views .
cottages include a fully equipped kitchen , flat - screen tv and private sauna .
it offers panoramic sea views and a 3rd - floor terrace with a sun deck and a hot tub . free wifi is available throughout the property .
hampton by hilton saltillo zona aeropuerto is surrounded by a green garden , where guests can prepare meals using the barbecue facilities provided .
fenced local parking is also available .
you can engage in various activities , such as skiing , cycling and fishing .
simply furnished , fan - cooled rooms come with a clothes rack , mosquito net and seating area .
guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant .
bbq dinners are also organised regularly .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including golfing and mini golf .
free wi - fi access is available .
on request , the property ’ s staff can arrange horseback excursions and horse - drawn carriage rides .
each room is fitted with a private bathroom fitted with a hot tub .
they all have a view of the garden .
a flat - screen tv with cable channels is provided .
the non - smoking apartments at hotel kral include safety deposit boxes , satellite tvs and modern bathrooms with hairdryers .
it offers an outdoor swimming pool with sun loungers , a garden and a terrace .
this hotel is within a 10 - minute drive of the us border and from the tijuana international airport .
some rooms also feature a private balcony with beautiful views of the aegean sea .
the private bathrooms have free toiletries and a hairdryer .
you can benefit from the spa centre , massage facilities and beauty shop .
a sandy beach is about 500 metres away and palanga ’ s popular pedestrian basanaviciaus street is 3 km away .
the kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher .
urchen is a self - catering accommodation located in maria alm . the property is close to the ski slopes .
a supermarket is at the distance of 1 km , as well as an indoor and outdoor swimming pool . a bus - and a train station are reachable in 200 metres and 1 km respectively .
a flat - screen tv is available .
dubrovnik bus station and ferry port are at a distance of 5 . 5 km .
javea ’ s beach and town centre are less than 3 km away .
you can engage in various activities , such as horse riding and snorkelling .
recreational choices include reading in the library , or having a barbecue in the garden .
offering an indoor pool and a spa and wellness centre , sanatoriy profilactoriy sosnovyi bor is located in a pine forest in yaroslavl .
larger rooms with a desk and spa bath are also available .
the town ’ s seafront promenade is less than 100 metres away .
a selection of salads and regional specialties are always available .
ironing facilities are also available .
a bus with links to the centre of pisa stops 500 metres away .
the nearest airport is da nang international airport , 5 km from the property .
eyre square can be reached on foot in 10 minutes .
guests can enjoy indoor and outdoor swimming pools 3 km away , in kopřivnice .
featuring an outdoor swimming pool and a spa , nhi phi hotel offers non - smoking rooms with modern furnishings and warm - coloured décor .
it features a lovely construction over the water and a children ’ s playground .
they feature a flat - screen tv , fresh towels and free toiletries .
some units include a seating area where you can relax .
via mazzini is 1 . 2 km from a casa di giulia b & b , while piazza bra is 1 . 3 km from the property .
bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for cycling .
the studio features a terrace , a tv and a wardrobe . there is a full kitchenette with a dishwasher and an oven .
a delivery service for fresh bread rolls is available on request for a surcharge .
after a day of sightseeing and to complement a truly relaxing stay , loft lambert can arrange massage services for guests .
located on the edge of the cv - 736 road , sueños del mar offers free onsite parking .
enjoying a seafront location in gerolimenas village , kyrimi offers self - catered accommodation with panoramic views to the messinian gulf . housed in a stone - built tower , it features a lounge area with fireplace .
the spa at haikko offers a wide selection of treatments , and the well - equipped fitness centre provides state - of - the - art gym equipment .
free wifi at the reception and bicycle rental are available on site .
the rooms come with a private bathroom fitted with a shower . a flat - screen tv is provided .
various cafes and shops can be found within a 5 - minute walk of apartment zwezdochet .
the flörl haus also features a private wine cellar .
some have a balcony .
the hotel also features in - room flat - screen tvs and daily buffet breakfast .
villa piaggetta is a 15 - minute drive from castelfiorentino train station .
the lounge bar barazzo serves fresh juices , coffee and drinks .
start your day with the hotel ’ s free buffet breakfast .
towels and bed linen are available in this apartment .
the property offers free parking .
a free - use internet terminal and free wired internet are provided in the lobby .
landvetter airport is 80 km from the b & b .
a 24 hour front desk is available .
each room here will provide you with a satellite tv , air conditioning and a hot tub . complete with a refrigerator , the dining area also has an electric kettle .
this erlanger hotel is only 2 miles from cincinnati / northern kentucky international airport and is easily accessible to interstate 275 .
featuring a shower , the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
each modern apartment has a living room with a sofa bed and flat - screen tv .
guests can work in the business centre or use the laundry facilities .
varna airport is 12 km from the property .
guests can prepare their own meals at domaine de cromenach .
breakfast is served daily in the inviting dining room and is included in the price .
the niš airport and crveni krst train station are only a 5 - minute drive .
italian and indian restaurants are also on offer , as well as a thatch - roofed grill restaurant next to the pool .
en suite bathrooms have hot - water showers .
this self - catering accommodation features free wifi .
daily continental breakfast is available for an extra fee .
son sant joan airport is a 30 minutes ' drive .
offering free wi - fi access throughout the property , al quds hotel is conveniently located within a 20 - minute drive from sultan ismail petra airport and the famous wakaf che yeh market .
the charlotte douglas international airport is about 45 miles away .
free private parking is available on site .
the apartment comes with a fully equipped kitchenette , indoor and outdoor dining area and a double bedroom with balcony .
every room at this guest house is air conditioned and is equipped with a flat - screen tv . certain units feature a seating area to relax in after a busy day .
the simple and neutral décor will put your mind at rest .
viliky novgorod train station is 1 . 7 km from kvartira 88 .
free wi - fi access is available .
offering panoramic views of the surrounding countryside , residence corte camaldoli provides a free shuttle bus to and from garda centre every 15 minutes .
żak cultural centre is within 350 metres , and galeria bałtycka shopping centre is a 10 minute walk away .
facilities include drinks vending machines and a launderette , while laptop rentals are available .
other facilities like a garden and a ticket service are featured .
comfort double rooms have a flat - screen tv , desk and sofa bed . standard double rooms have a tv .
this holiday park is 49 km from los angeles international airport .
anqing changyou inn is situated in anqing , the destination famous for historical culture and huangmei opera , tianzhu mountain and huating lake are both within 1 hour and 30 minutes ' drive .
you can play table tennis at the hotel .
arcs suite @ shell residences also features a restaurant , with packed lunches available on request .
for your comfort , you will find bath robes , free toiletries and a hair dryer .
york downs golf and country club is 12 minutes ’ drive away .
free wireless internet is provided and there is a playground for the hotel ’ s younger guests .
free parking is available nearby and there is easy access to the a8 motorway .
marbella and the costa del sol are less than 100 km away .
towels and bed linen are provided .
accommodation has free wi - fi , a satellite tv , and air conditioning .
holiday home brattenvej jerup ii is located in jerup . the apartment can accommodate up to 8 persons and offers an open terrace .
milan linate airport is 13 km away .
breakfast , lunch , and dinner are served daily in a casual atmosphere .
local eateries are within a 5 minute walk of the property , in central matlock .
the main swimming pool at jardines del gamonal is surrounded by gardens , which are ideal for sunbathing .
the nearest restaurant is 100 metres away , and a supermarket and bürserberg town centre are 4 km away .
continental breakfast is served daily while there is optional lunch and dinner , provided on request .
towels and linens are included .
breakfast including fresh fruit , pastries and homemade jams is served every morning .
schiphol airport is located 12 km from the property .
free access to the hot tub and modern gym is provided to all guests of the hagerstown courtyard .
guesthouse kondic is located 97 km from belgrade nikola tesla airport .
free wifi is provided and the apartment has city views .
it is 400 metres to bars and cafés on the trendy weserstraße .
featuring free wifi and a seasonal outdoor pool , menta city boutique hotel offers accommodation in rethymno town . guests can enjoy the on - site bar and sunny roof - top breakfast area .
microtel by wyndham is conveniently within a 3 - minute walk to st .
das vorderhaus provides a full breakfast each morning , which is brought to your room .
located 4 miles from galena cellars winery , this hotel features an on - site spa and salon , along with an indoor pool and hot tub .
a free breakfast is served at the lobby on a first - come , first - served basis .
start the day with breakfast in the garden .
every room at this bed and breakfast is air conditioned and is equipped with a tv .
the two bathrooms come with a toilet and shower .
parking is available for free .
newspapers are provided , while laundry and ironing services are available on request .
there is a gift shop at the property .
hotel presidencial chicalyo is 8 km from the lambayeque beaches and 2 , 2 km from capitán fap josé a . quiñones international airport .
la tontouta international airport and noumea are both within 2 hours ’ drive from the property .
they feature cable tv , air conditioning and a seating area .
rooms at b & b san peter rome also come with a minibar with free soft drinks , and a private bathroom with hairdryer .
sanskriti paying guest house is located just 400 metres from the spiritual assi ghat and 700 metres from the sacred sri sankata mochan hanuman temple .
beloalter hotel is located by the waters of tapajós river and creeks , which form the green lake .
a traditional breakfast with cretan products is prepared every day .
the oréon hotel is 10 minutes from the town centre , at the crossroads of bresse , beaujolais and burgundy .
florina town lies at a distance of 53 km and the town of kastoria is 40 km from idiston .
situated in colombo , opposite barefoot and 1 . 9 km from u . s . embassy , the residence boasts a terrace and views of the sea .
other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities , a shared lounge and a games room .
the region also offers many natural and historic sites like the clock tower of tryavna , 2 . 5 km away , the bulgarka nature park , 12 km away , the architectural - ethnographic complex etar with an open air museum , 18 km away and the sokolovski monastery and dryanovski monastery , 20 km away .
the rooms come with a flat - screen tv . certain units feature a seating area where you can relax .
guests can swim or go snorkeling .
hairdryer , towels , and bed linen are provided .
offering an outdoor pool and a fitness centre , guest house albatros is located in dagomys . free wifi access is available .
shuttle services can be arranged for an extra fee .
this modern hotel offers elegant , air - conditioned rooms with a minibar and tv .
set 150 metres from plaza nueva , in bilbao ’ s old town , la estrella ostatu offers an on - site bar and heated rooms with private bathrooms .
guests can enjoy a lunchtime meal at the restaurant after having a drink at the bar .
yalta is 33 km away , while simferepol and its airport are 55 km from the property .
take a stroll from the palazio into the small village of nerín to experience the typical mountain atmosphere . you can also use the hotel as a base to explore the canyons , glaciers and waterfalls of the stunning natural park .
it boasts a spa , fitness centre and outdoor pool .
the property is 500 metres from the saxon garden .
negombo beach park is 3 . 7 km from the kings island resort , while dutch fort is 800 metres from the property .
you can also enjoy your dinner with live music on specific days .
tancredo neves bridge is 5 km away .
the hotel has a sauna and fitness centre , and guests can enjoy a drink at the bar .
apartments tia is situated in medulin , 900 metres from vižula archaeological site .
holiday home kamillevej tranekær x is located in skattebølle .
some of them also include a fireplace .
it is composed of a separate bedroom , a living room with a fully equipped kitchenette , and a bathroom .
some units include a dining area and / or balcony .
it offers guests 1gb of free wifi per room , a self - catering kitchen and bbq facilities .
various local restaurants are within a 5 - minute walk .
it offers air - conditioned rooms with free wi - fi and a flat - screen tv .
a 5 - minute drive takes guests to phung chang cave , while phang nga bay is 40 km away and khao lak is 58 km away .
within a 10 - minute walk , guests will also find restaurants and bars .
you can engage in various activities , such as cycling and hiking .
private bathroom comes with a shower and free toiletries .
the austrian border can be reached within 5 km .
free wifi is available in all areas .
guests can relax in the sauna at cedar city knights inn . a 24 - hour front desk and laundry facilities are also available .
there is a seating and / or dining area in some units .
some units feature a terrace and / or balcony .
the nearest airport is falcone - borsellino airport , 100 km from the property .
restaurants are located 50 metres away .
parking is free at hotel relais palazzo di luglio .
free wi - fi is featured in each room at borthwnog , as well as a tv with freeview and a dvd player . tea / coffee making facilities are also provided .
massage services can be arranged at guests ’ convenience .
the la berra ski lift is located 10 km from the property , while the charmey and the le moléson ones are to 22 km and 28 km away respectively . a visit to the cailler chocolate factory 10 km away can be arranged and the château de gruyère can be sightseen 15 km off .
guests can enjoy the on - site bar which opens daily from 08 : 00 to 00 : 00 .
some are equipped with a kitchen for the preparation of meals .
free parking is possible on site .
it also includes a washing machine , and 2 bathrooms with free toiletries and a hairdryer .
a buffet breakfast is served , during summer months , on the rooftop dining area that enjoys panoramic views of the island .
mineo is around 18 km from the property , while the etnaland theme park is reachable by car in 40 minutes . catania is 40 km away .
visitors can enjoy the on - site snack bar at the rockville red roof inn .
the villas are surrounded by lush tropical vegetations , only 30km from nungwi and 28 km from zanzibar city .
the kimpton hotel wilshire offers the roof on wilshire restaurant , serving california - french cuisine for lunch and dinner .
each room at buakao inn is equipped with a safety deposit box , cable tv and an en suite bathroom .
a breakfast buffet is available each morning at the oranien wiesbaden .
park motel provides free wi - fi throughout .
it offers self - catering accommodation with free wifi access and garden views .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling , fishing and hiking .
the studio offers a fully - equipped kitchenette .
this self - catering accommodation features free wifi .
fiumicino airport is 20 km away .
offering the view of the garden and the mountains , the apartment comprises a bedroom and a living area with a sofa bed , dining corner and fully equipped kitchenette .
free wifi is available .
at the end of the day , head to the lobby bar to relax with a drink or taste locally made raki , which is made available on tap or by the bottle .
each one has a bathroom and uses electricity from solar panels .
free private parking is available on site .
there is also a smoke room and 2 barbecue gazebos .
the historic temples , wat chedi luang and wat chiang man are a 10 - minute walk .
the private bathrooms are fitted with a shower .
this luxurious hotel offers air - conditioned rooms with a balcony or terrace and a restaurant .
extras include a desk .
there is also a sofa and facilities for disabled guests are available .
the à la carte restaurant of hotel tbilisi in borjomi offers breakfast , lunch and dinner service .
you can enjoy sea view and garden view from the room .
the kitchen is fully equipped , and guests can enjoy their meals in the winter garden , with views of the garden .
set on a boat in copenhagen harbour , this property is 10 minutes ’ walk from christianshavn metro station .
offering a private balcony , studio cathedral is located only 50 metres from the pula archaeological museum and 200 metres from the roman amphitheatre and offers air - conditioned accommodation .
a flat - screen satellite tv , work desk and bathroom with shower are standard at quality airport hotel gardermoen .
it also features a living area and the bathroom is fitted with a shower , a hairdryer and free toiletries .
amusement park and theatre square are a minute walk from the hotel .
piraeus is 34 km from efi relax house .
an italian breakfast of cappuccino and homemade cakes is provided daily .
the property has a restaurant done in shades of grey , offering various meals every day .
guests can relax in the garden and use bbq facilities .
la canonica is 70 metres from the bus stop with service to lucca .
the apartment comes with a fully equipped kitchenette , sofa bed in the living area .
located a 4 km from paestum , hotel pace offers a private beach area , restaurant and accommodation with air conditioning .
the nearest airport is kruunupyy airport , 51 km from sillanpään kartano and 3km from the kemora circuit .
trone metro stop is 650 metres away and provides direct connections to brussels midi and central train station .
the kitchenette comes with a dishwasher and an oven .
the klauseule swimming lake is 4 km from the property , while the adventure park in fulpmes with rafting and paragliding is 10km away .
santos dumont airport is 4 . 5 km away .
izmir adnan menderes airport is 90 km away .
situated in milan , this air - conditioned apartment features a balcony . the property features views of the city and is 400 metres from fiera milano city .
guests can take a dip in the pool or lounge around the sun terrace .
you can also help yourself at the salad buffet .
situated 100 metres from republic square in yerevan , best hostel republic square features a restaurant and free wifi throughout the property .
piazza della signoria and uffizi gallery are a 15 - minute walk away .
additional features include bbq facilities and free private parking on site .
the nearest airport is podgorica airport , 39 km from the property .
congonhas airport is 25 km away , while barueri bus station is 5 km from the property .
just a 5 - minute walk from the holy al masjid al nabawi , badr al madinah hotel is situated in madinah within a short distance from al jazeera centre .
1 house features 1 bedroom and the other one , 2 bedrooms .
luggage can be stored at the 24 - hour front desk .
the casino kitzbühel and the golfclub kitzbühel schwarzsee are located 2 km from the ferienhaus bockberg .
villa daskalovi offers pet - friendly accommodation in balchik .
breakfast is served every morning .
all rooms have an en suite bathroom , satellite tv and tea and coffee facilities .
there are two bedrooms with single beds .
all rooms have a private bathroom .
the restaurant serves romanian and international cuisine and features an inviting summer terrace .
holiday home voldervej is located in lemvig . the property can accommodate up to twenty - one guests . free wi - fi access is available in this holiday home .
other facilities at dom radugi include a barbecue .
centrepoint apartments offer contemporary accommodation within the centrepoint complex of the liosban business park , a 5 - minute drive from galway city centre .
located in maspalomas , notre appartement offers a shared outdoor pool and a private furnished terrace .
located 5 km from děčín city , hotel maxicky features an on - site bar and restaurant with a summer terrace that overlooks the natural pool located in front of the property .
other facilities offered at the property include a children ' s playground and sports facilities .
other facilities like an ironing service and laundry facilities are offered .
guest can also play board games .
a number of restaurants and cafés can be found within a 10 - minute walk .
a barbecue is available in the hotel ’ s garden as well .
located just a 2 - minute walk from palm beach , palm beach apts features modern décor , plus free wi - fi and on - site parking .
they offer a dining table and a kitchenette including a coffee machine , a microwave and a refrigerator .
guest house margarita features air - conditioned rooms which come with refrigerator and tv .
at lubas home hostel you will find a complete kitchen , a lounge area and a beer fridge .
miami city centre is less than 15 minutes ’ drive away .
all rooms are accessible by lift .
air - conditioned rooms feature a flat - screen tv with cable channels and a minibar .
the property offers free parking and there is free wifi available throughout .
aquapark batumi is 300 metres away .
in the heart of grand - morin valley and set a large park with a river , le moulin de pommeuse is a guest house nestled in a former watermill built in the 14th century .
the accommodation has a flat - screen tv . some units feature a terrace and / or balcony .
palace square is 1 . 2 km from piterflat na sadovaya 29 , while state russian museum is 1 . 2 km from the property .
enseada rio hostel is located 200 metres from botafogo subway station and 4 km from copacabana .
all rooms offer a view of the surrounding countryside .
the nearest bus stop is 200 metres away .
lake gerardmer is 25 km away and la bresse train station is 12 km away .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including fishing .
there are plenty of bars and restaurants within a 5 - minute walk of the apartment .
an oven and a microwave can be found in the kitchen .
parking is free .
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven .
the en - suite double , triple and family rooms feature free wifi access . there is a flat - screen tv and individually controlled air conditioning system in each room , while the windows are soundproof . a minibar and telephone is also standard in all rooms . the bathroom is fitted with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
a continental breakfast is offered daily and can be taken in the dining room or in the garden .
fully air - conditioned , spacious guestrooms feature modern interiors and furnishings .
it offers an indoor pool , a tennis court and 14 meeting rooms .
each including bed linen , towels , a washing machine and cleaning products , apartments at the rentgena 15 are simply furnished . they feature a bedroom , a bathroom , and a separate kitchen .
each unit is equipped with a private bathroom with a bath and free toiletries .
activities such as horseback riding , night hiking and canopy tours can be arranged .
the âncora park ’ s restaurant serves authentic local and international dishes for lunch and dinner .
city lodge has a 24 - hour reception for your convenience .
the accommodation will provide you with a tv and a patio .
this guest house is located in quiet countryside in santi , not far from the city of l ' aquila .
the bathrooms are fitted with a bath or shower and complimentary toiletries .
laundry and dry cleaning services are offered .
situated only 140 metres from the shore of lake hallstatt , w & s executive apartments is a modern , self - catering apartment in hallstatt .
featuring a balcony , tv and minibar , all rooms at harmonia are equipped with a private bathroom and shower .
stirling youth hostel provides 4 - star accommodation in the historic quarter of stirling , situated next to the victorian old town jail .
serving italian cuisine , the nearest dining option is just a 5 - minute stroll from the property .
guests can cook in the kitchen , and various cafes and restaurants can be found within walking distance of the accommodation .
this property is 900 metres from plaza mante shopping centre and 2 hours ’ drive from tampico international airport .
private bathrooms have hot shower facilities .
the nearest airport is malaga airport , 51 km from hoyo 15 .
savoury products are available on request .
the hotel is 2 km from fateh sagar lake , udaipur bus stand .
a 24 - hour front desk provides room service and currency exchange .
other services include laundry and free wireless access in the lobby .
the restaurant serves international dishes and well as serbian specialities , accompanied by a variety of beverages .
bike hire is available at the property .
piazza is 300 metres from ushba , while europe square is 300 metres away .
the villa boasts 4 air - conditioned bedrooms and a professional - style kitchen . it has spacious outdoor living and dining areas and a large indoor living - dining room with air conditioning .
guests can take trip boats to the cinque terre villages at the harbour located a 20 - minute walk away .
vending machines with refreshments are available as well .
some units include a dining area and / or terrace .
astrakhan central station is within a 15 - minute drive from nikolaya ostrovskogo street area apartments . the distance to astrakhan international airport is 7 km .
bed linen and towels are provided .
a continental breakfast is served daily and comes with french pastries , fruits and hot drinks .
located in gumbet , royal 28 villa is just 350 metres from the beach .
a pebbly beach can be found within 1 km from the property .
all rooms have good - sized bathrooms .
a full kitchen with a microwave and refrigerator is standard in all cabins . each air - conditioned cabin features a spacious seating area with a flat - screen tv and dvd player .
fitted with air conditioning and carpeted flooring , rooms here also come with a flat - screen tv , clothes rack , work desk , cleaning products and en suite bathroom with shower facilities .
this 2 - room apartment has an area of 24 m2 and is on the 1st floor , on an east facing position .
yitel beijing beiqijia is a 28 - minute drive from nanluoguxiang , featuring accommodation with free wi - fi .
guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant . free private parking is available on site .
free private parking is also provided on site and the centre of caen is 23 km away .
at south ex serviced apartments , you will find other facilities like luggage storage , dry cleaning and a laundry are offered . housekeeping and ironing facilities are available .
featuring free wifi , hostel drevny pskov offers accommodation in pskov . private parking is available on site .
all rooms at the piemonte hotel include a satellite tv , minibar and parquet floors .
a flat - screen tv with cable is featured in each room at cadillac hotel venice . an ipod compatible radio is provided . a hairdryer and free toiletries are included in each en suite bathroom .
kievskiy train station is 7 metro stops away .
breakfast is served every morning and the property has a library where guests can read books or play board games .
the ground floor of the property features a 24 / 7 reception , a modern communal kitchen and dining area and shared tv area .
a flat - screen tv , as well as an ipod docking station are provided .
a wide variety of restaurants and cafés are located within a 10 - minute walk .
valkmusa national park is a 30 minutes ’ drive from koivula guest house .
extras include dvd player , cd player and satellite channels .
hotel stayen is located in sint - truiden , in the region of haspengouw , and offers spacious modern rooms and free access to the fitness and wellness facilities located near the hotel .
the nearest airport is kurumoch international airport , 33 km from the property .
holiday home mørkholtvej offers a garden , bbq facilities and a terrace .
the nearest airport is pula airport , 48 km from the property .
guests benefit of a free access to a seasonal outdoor pool located 50 metres from the property , by a partner hotel .
you will find a shared kitchen at the property , as well as a terrace where you can relax .
schloss - gut - hotel jößnitz is situated in jößnitz town centre in the green vogtland region .
you can enjoy sea views .
each room at this resort is air conditioned and is equipped with a flat - screen tv with cable channels .
ilfracombe is around 13 miles from barnstaple , and just over 6 miles from woolacombe bay .
forio town centre is 1 . 5 km from the property .
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower .
there is also a kitchenette , equipped with a dishwasher . an oven and microwave are also provided , as well as a kettle .
the resort also offers an on - site mall with coffee shops , a supermarket and souvenirs .
offering luxurious eco - friendly holiday homes , surrounded by native trees and pristine coastline , beach road holiday homes are the ideal place to relax and unwind .
additional facilities include a washing machine and cleaning products .
zadar airport is 25 km away .
wifi is free in all areas .
rooms include a flat - screen tv .
the property is 2 . 4 km from streuböden and 2 . 5 km from doischberg .
the nearest airport is sao paulo / congonhas airport , 9 km from the property .
it includes 3 bedrooms , a bathroom , living room and separate kitchen , all bright and spacious .
the bed and breakfast is located 5 km from victoria , and 6 km from the botanical gardens .
the air - conditioned rooms at hotel pavo come with a refrigerator and a desk .
walking trails to the gran sasso mountain start from the property .
a buffet breakfast is served daily and vending machines with hot and cold drinks and confectionery are also available .
featuring an open kitchen , the featured restaurant varmen offers lunch and dinner made with fresh local ingredients .
other facilities offered at the property include laundry facilities . the property offers free parking .
free shuttle services within a 5 - mile radius are available at the hotel .
free wifi is provided .
private parking is opposite the property , and is available at an additional cost per day .
the living room features a balcony and flat - screen tv .
it includes free wi - fi in all areas , a fitness centre and a billiards table .
ironing and laundry services can also be provided upon request .
king george fort is a 5 - minute drive from the hotel , while scarborough town centre is a 10 - minute drive away .
conveniently located off interstate 10 , this goodyear , arizona hotel boasts an outdoor swimming pool and hot tub , has an on - site restaurant and features rooms with free wi - fi .
the nearest airport is istanbul ataturk airport , 19 km from the property .
the rooms have free lockers and feature a view of the courtyard .
there is a shared lounge at the property .
the closest bus stop is located 500 metres away .
this spacious and bright apartment has a dining area and a kitchen complete with a microwave and a fridge .
guests can enjoy the on - site bar .
renovated in september 2014 , the apartment comprises a combined living and sleeping room , a flat - screen tv with satellite channels , a kitchen with a dining area , and a bathroom with shower .
habita estudios laureles has rooms with cable tv and private bathrooms with hot water .
some rooms have a kitchenette and sofa bed .
a rocky beach is 2 km away , while a sandy beach is located 3 km from the property .
free wifi is available throughout the property .
the kitchenette has a dishwasher .
a shuttle service is provided at an extra charge .
medvezha gora ski resort is 2 km from the property , and the palanok castle is 35 km away .
there is a private bathroom with free toiletries and a hairdryer in each unit .
from suite prado you can easily stroll to many of the top city sights .
rooms are fan - cooled and fitted with an en suite bathroom and shower facilities .
situated in beuzeville , 1 km from the a13 motorway and 16 km from honfleur , this property features a big garden , barbecue facilities and a furnished terrace .
central park is 15 minutes away by subway and a large variety of local restaurants are within walking distance of the hotel .
a small refrigerator and tea and coffee - making facilities are included in each room at super 8 chicago / rosemont / ohare / se . ironing facilities and a hairdryer are also provided .
guests can work out in the gym or discover porto by bike .
meals can be enjoyed at the outdoor serving during summer .
free rental bikes and physiotherapy are offered on site .
free private parking is possible on site .
a barbecue area is available , and guests can hire bicycles free of charge from yoko and michel .
bright and air - conditioned , all guestrooms enjoy views of the city or the sea .
other facilities include a ski storage room and a playground for children .
there is free shuttle service at the property .
there is a terrace where you can enjoy sea views .
zoosafari fasanolandia is a 10 - minute drive from the vecchio mulino hotel .
guests who are driving can enjoy private parking subject to availability and for a fee .
each room here will provide you with a tv , air conditioning and a seating area . private bathroom also comes with a shower .
the holiday home is equipped with air conditioning and free wifi .
a 5 - minute ride from the bridge on the river kwai , buasawan resort & restaurant features simply furnished accommodation with the convenience of free parking and meeting facilities .
each room has an en suite shower with hairdryer and toiletries , or use of a private bathroom with a bath and shower .
28 de julio square is 19 km from acacia condos , while ado international bus station is 20 km from the property .
shower facilities are included in an en suite bathroom .
complete with an electric kettle , the dining area also has a dining table .
orange apple self - catering guest house has a communal shared kitchen , lounge and dining area .
set in pretty gardens , it offers an outdoor pool , a terrace , scenic sea and countryside views and a free airport shuttle .
guests can enjoy the communal bbq area equipped with picnic tables .
free airport shuttle service is provided upon request .
a pebbly beach is 3 . 5 km away .
â la carte dishes and drinks are available each day in the relaxing atmosphere of arctic restaurant & bar .
towels are available .
a 10 - minute walk from toya bungkah hot springs , mapa lake view bungalow is set in the beautiful mountains of kintamani .
the old city is 200 metres away .
rooms at the ristorante colombo all come with a tv , desk and private bathroom .
there are both cooked and continental options , and outside seating is also available .
the hostel also offers bike hire .
select apartments have a kitchen and offer mountain views or sea views .
complete with a refrigerator , the dining area also has an electric kettle and a dining table .
the open - plan kitchen is complete with an oven , stove , fridge - freezer and dishwasher .
for shoppers , oxford , reading , bicester retail village and abingdon are just a short drive away through the beautiful countryside .
en suite bathrooms are equipped with a shower .
crossroad backpackers hongdae is an 8 - minute walk from the hongdae subway station ( line no . 2 ).
free wifi access is available .
kenichi pacific and the aloha theatre are 2 miles away .
guests of this florence motel will find a 24 - hour front desk .
patuno wakatobi resort is 10 minutes ’ drive from matahora airport and is 30 minutes ’ drive to the atm centre at wanci .
schiphol airport is situated at a distance of 14 km from this property .
each room at this hotel is air conditioned and features a flat - screen tv .
there is a full kitchenette with a dishwasher , fridge , stovetop and an oven .
the cantinho ibérico restaurant serves traditional portuguese , spanish and international dishes .
pets are welcome upon request .
the hotel offers a daily continental breakfast , free wi - fi and an indoor swimming pool .
coin - operated laundry machines are located on site .
you will find luggage storage space at the property .
just 150 metres from pissouri beach in limassol , katikies 14 offers self - catering accommodation with private pool , sun terrace with sun loungers and a blossomed garden .
located in a natural setting , just 1 km from guigneville - sur - essonne , la raimbaudière offers b & b accommodation .
the panoramic suites are located in the attic , and feature a teuco hydromassage shower .
the comfort hotel cdg goussainville is 200 metres from the rer station which will transport you to paris within minutes .
bed linen is featured .
parking is free .
it has an outdoor swimming pool and spacious en - suite guest rooms with free wi - fi .
the ample bathrooms include both a bathtub and shower facilities .
for your comfort , you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer .
all rooms at the hostel are air - conditioned and are fitted with bunk beds .
the volerie des aigles attraction park is a 25 - minute drive away .
there is also a lounge bar that offers a selection of 30 original cocktails .
free wifi access is provided at zimmer david .
the hotel provides luggage storage services and safety deposit boxes at the 24 - hour front desk .
served in the conservatory - style dining room with panoramic views , continental or cooked breakfasts are available each morning .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
the hotel offers an indoor pool and suites with a fully equipped kitchenette .
entertainment is provided every day of the week .
there is also a bar and a restaurant serving typical tuscan cuisine , pizza and homemade desserts .
the in - house à la carte restaurant serves a wide range of traditional swedish and international dishes .
the sumptuous bathroom comes with separate rain shower , bathtub and le labo bath amenities from new york .
travel arrangements can be made at the tour desk and complimentary parking spaces are available .
day trips and car rental can be arranged at the tour desk .
this island on the puerto viejo river offers charming rooms with balconies , overlooking the tropical rainforest of sarapiqui . heliconia island features a traditional restaurant , botanical gardens and a free wi - fi zone .
it provides a basketball court , 24 - hour front desk and free wifi .
the freedom monument is only 180 metres from the de rome hotel .
it offers a restaurant , a massage service and western - style rooms with free wired internet .
apartment4you plac bankowy offers apartments that come with a living room connected with a kitchenette , which features a dishwasher , refrigerator , kettle and kitchen utensils .
at ume sita you will find a 24 - hour front desk and currency exchange service .
each apartment has a private entrance and a bathroom with shower .
it offers designer suites with free wifi , an ipod docking station and lcd tv .
housed in a 19th - century building , it offers free wifi and discounted rates at a partner spa centre .
the nearest airport is william p . hobby airport , 14 km from wyndham houston medical center hotel and suites .
a supermarket is a 2 - minute walk away .
the leidse square entertainment area is just 700 metres away on foot . rijksmuseum and van gogh museum are only 900 metres away .
the unit equipped with a kitchen with an oven and fridge .
apartment la mata 135 offers air - conditioned accommodation in la mata , 1 km from la mata beach .
guests enjoy free return airport transfers .
offering balconies with a river view , pousada rio da lua is located in paraty , just over 3 km from paraty airport .
the guests at hotel mac arthur can find cafeteria service with breakfast options .
villa ruana is a 30 - minute drive from faro international airport .
located only 300 metres from the liptovská mara lake , pension lunatyk is a family - run guest house set 2 km from the liptovský mikuláš ’ s centre .
its luxury apartments feature a flat - screen tv , kitchenette and balcony .
bed linen is available .
the accommodation is provided with a satellite - tv , free wifi , a hi - fi system , a terrace and a fireplace .
the nearest airport is florence airport , 6 km from the property .
the bathroom is fitted with a shower and a bath .
the garden room , lounge and bar are charming , relaxing spaces where guests can enjoy light meals or drinks .
hotel vip executive azores is 5 minutes ’ drive from ponta delgada historic centre and offers private covered parking .
the rooms offer air conditioning , a fridge , hairdryer and flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
free parking is possible .
tindarra apartments alexandra headland is a 5 - minute walk from various cafes , restaurants and shops .
set 600 metres from the sandy beaches of porto santa margherita di caorle and a 5 - minute drive from the centre of caorle , this air - conditioned apartment features a garden with a seasonal outdoor pool , terrace and a barbecue .
within 400 m shops and restaurants can be found .
port alacati marina , which includes a lot of restaurants , is within 3 . 5 km .
breakfast is served every morning in le safoutier which also offers international buffets for lunch and dinner .
each comes with a cooling fan , plus a private or shared bathroom .
marta apartments is located just 2 minutes ' drive from seget donji and 7 minutes ' drive from seget vranjica .
restaurants can be found in the nearby villages .
the museum of ancient glass is 1 . 9 km from apartment ela , while palace of the governor general is 1 . 9 km away .
nova domus offers air - conditioned rooms and free wi - fi in cellamare , a 15 - minute drive from central bari .
24 - hour room service is provided .
additionally , apartments and studios have a kitchen or kitchenette .
fukiya unzen is a 2 - minute walk from unzen jigoku hell and a 10 - minute drive from unzen ropeway station .
doubletree by hilton istanbul - sirkeci is a gateway to popular landmarks , including hagia sophia , 500 metres away . the hotel is adjacent to gulhane park and within walking distance from basilica cistern and topkapi palace .
the hotel is 1 . 5 km from the mumbakonam bus stand and kumbakonam railway station .
dublin castle is 200 metres away .
timbavati wildlife park is 4 km from away .
jiawang business hotel is a 30 - minute drive from chizhou railway station and bus station .
guests of the brava can relax on a sun - lounger on the beach , or rent a bicycle and explore the city .
additionally , free wi - fi access is provided in the rooms .
the guesthouse provides luggage storage facilities at its 24 - hour front desk .
paradise island golf course is a 15 - minute drive from el greco beach hotel , while lyndon pindling international airport is a 20 - minute drive away .
the house offers free wi - fi and free private parking .
every room includes a flat - screen tv .
a microwave and mini - refrigerator are provided in each room of springhill suites anchorage university lake .
bathrooms are fitted with a bathtub and a hot shower .
there is a living room with a flat - screen tv with international channels .
each room features views o the vineyards and a private bathroom with a toilet .
the mintaro maze is only a 12 - minute drive away and clare golf course is 8 minutes ’ drive away .
you can engage in various activities , such as snorkelling , cycling and hiking .
this self - catering accommodation also features free wifi .
a freshly cooked breakfast is served each morning , with lighter options also available .
la cigale tabarka offers direct access to tennis courts and the tabarka golf course .
uzkanaves is 3 . 7 km away from the palanga international airport .
500mb of free wifi is provided daily .
there is a private bathroom attached , equipped with shower facility ,
the hotel is 2 km from siam bts station and 22 . 5 km from don muang airport .
located in a historic building in the fashion district , this hotel is situated 2 blocks from the prudential center and features suites with a fireplace and flat - screen tv .
free parking is possible nearby .
olympic stadium is 9 km from villa osokorky , while expocentre of ukraine is 9 km from the property .
situated in albufeira , v6 vivienne is a holiday home featuring an outdoor pool .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk , hairdresser ' s , and gift shop at the property .
surrounded by the gargano national park , poggio degli ulivi offers a free shuttle to the beach and rodi garganico .
guests can enjoy the golf courses situated within 200 metres and the tennis courts 500 metres away .
galle city is a 10 - minute drive . a 15 - minute drive leads to galle fortress castle .
it is just 200 metres from the nearest supermarket and restaurants .
hampton inn & suites richmond / virginia center features an indoor pool and hot tub as well as a fitness centre .
set in a 16th - century seaside castle , château de bonabry offers b & b accommodation just a 5 - minute walk from the beach in hillion .
the property offers free parking .
the property offers free parking .
towels are featured .
in addition , they feature a living area with a sofa , a washing machine and a bathroom with a bathtub or shower .
deribasovskaya street is 500 metres from apartment on vorontsovs ' kyi lane 9 , while odessa archaeological museum is 500 metres away .
guests have access to a shared garden with tables and chairs .
offering views over the garden , the mountain or the ionian sea , the units of blue horizon are fitted with wooden furnishings , soft tones and marble floors .
all rooms are spacious and comprise air conditioning .
the property will provide you with a tv , a terrace and a cd player . there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a refrigerator .
meeting rooms , business centre and currency exchange services are also available .
famous alcazaba moorish castle is 2 km away and you can walk to the city center ion 20 minutes .
the residence has a garden with barbecue facilities and private parking is available free of charge .
pyatigorsk is 32 km from guesthouse skazka na yaroshenko , while essentuki is 20 km away .
fishing in lake hemet is 15 minutes ’ drive away .
your apartment at torre acquatino has either 1 or 2 bedrooms and a separate dining room with kitchenette , washing machine and sofa bed .
the tour desk helps guests organise tours , mountain trekking and visits to popular attractions .
i granani restaurant serves revisited recipes of puglia .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
some rooms have a private bathroom with free toiletries , the rest rooms have access to a shared bathroom .
this alpine resort is set on the foot of pirin mountain , on the outskirts of bansko .
u - tapao international airport is 27 km away .
hotel santa clara is located in oviedo ’ s historic city centre , in the heart of the shopping district and close to campoamor theatre and uria street .
the accommodation features a balcony with a view of the communal garden and free wi - fi access is available .
the nearest airport is shanghai hongqiao international airport , 11 km from the property .
in addition to standard amenities , all guest rooms come with microwaves , refrigerators , coffee makers , hair dryers , irons , ironing boards and cable television with hbo .
odos oneiron is strategically situated between the municipal market and the historic church of agios nikolaos , built in 1320 .
rooms have a flat - screen tv with cable channels .
it is situated in a beautiful area with a natural surrounding .
guests can relax in the splash pool on warm summer days or enjoy a barbecue in the covered lapa area or sit around fireplace in the boma .
at the beach is is possible to play football and volleyball .
the apartment includes a full kitchen with an oven and a refrigerator .
each with a balcony , rooms at the yellow line have simple décor and tiled floors .
the nearest airport is krakow - balice airport , 78 km from leśny dworek .
located in bečići , 300 metres from the sandy beach and about 3 km from the centre of budva , hotel nadezda offers a buffet restaurant .
a tv and dvd player are available .
it ’ s a 16 - minute drive from the lisbon international airport .
it features free wifi in all areas .
the property boasts views of the mountain is 600 metres from feodosiya .
some units feature a terrace and / or patio with mountain or garden views .
the reception is open 24 - hour and the residence features a laundry .
the restaurant miró serves a range of regional and international dishes for lunch and dinner .
the private bathroom has a shower , washbasin and a separate toilet , as well as a hairdryer .
the on - site fitness centre has cardiovascular machines and free weights for guests ' work out needs .
staff at the tour desk can arrange car rentals and offer information on argostoli at 13 km .
activities in the surrounding area include cycling , fishing and diving .
its windows provide wonderful views of the old town and river rhine .
season palace huahin hotel is a 15 - minute drive to night market where guests will find plenty of local treats .
a variety of shops , restaurants and clubs are 5 minutes ’ drive away from el bosquet .
the private bathroom includes a hairdryer and free toiletries .
tuesday nights include a barbecue dinner and dessert for each guest .
arthaus anna b & b is 7 minutes ’ walk from dolina roz park .
an italian buffet breakfast is available daily and includes sweet and savoury items , plus fresh fruit .
free parking is provided .
free wifi access is available in public areas .
hotel da ' lia is located in the middle of jambi market , surrounded by shops and local eateries .
certain rooms include a seating area where you can relax .
situated 700 metres from piazza duomo in catania , this apartment features a balcony with city views and is housed in a 20th - century building .
hotel seoul bj is 6 km from gimpo airport and 50 km from incheon international aiport .
here you will find large rooms and healthy cuisine .
each room has a flat - screen tv , a refrigerator and bathrobes .
offering a restaurant serving traditional extremaduran dishes , hostal el descanso del emperador is located in jarandilla de la vera .
guest bungalows are spacious with a veranda including seating .
city tribe changjiang road is a 7 - minute walk from xinjiekou subway station and a 15 - minute walk from presidential palace .
tbilisi international airport is 79 km away .
it offers free wi - fi , free parking and rooms with a flat - screen tv and fridge .
the apartments also have a kitchenette and a dining area .
a small beach is 300 metres from the property .
featuring free wifi access , this apartment features a spacious and modern living area with a flat - screen cable tv , comfortable sofas , dining table and city views .
a sweet buffet breakfast is available each morning and the à la carte restaurant opens on request for dinner .
you can also choose to relax on the property ’ s equipped sun terrace on the roof .
this stylish hotel is set 100 metres from the beach in peñiscola and offers an outdoor pool with a sun terrace .
hotel chateau kvareli is located in the centre of kvareli town , a 15 - minute walk from ilia lake .
restaurants can be found within walking distance .
the on - site spa has an indoor swimming pool , steam baths and a sauna .
villa - otel ' provans features free wifi .
free wi - fi is available .
you can enjoy city view .
maid service is provided once in 4 days .
a traditional kaiseki - style dinner featuring local fresh seafood and vegetables is served .
free private parking is possible on site .
featuring a rain - head shower , private bathrooms also come with free organic honey toiletries .
located on the blue lagoon strip in port antonio , this oceanfront self - catering accommodation boasts panoramic sea views .
hornachuelos and cardenchosa nature reserves are also nearby .
free private parking is provided .
saint isaac ' s cathedral is 2 . 1 km from sutkiarenda on zagorodniy 26 , while hermitage museum is 2 . 2 km from the property .
this well - appointed hotel is located only a 15 - minute drive from da nang international airport and the city centre .
situated 4 minutes ’ drive from the university of southern california , this central los angeles motel offers an outdoor pool .
the bathroom is fitted with a shower .
set on the coast of trieste just 800 metres from the picturesque miramare castle and grignano bay , hotel riviera & maximilian ’ s offers direct access to the beach between late may and mid september .
this hotel offers comfortable guestrooms equipped with modern en suite facilities .
its comfortable rooms have free wi - fi , cable tv and private bathrooms .
each apartment comes with a large open - space living room with a dining area and a sofa .
all rooms are equipped with air conditioning and a tv .
each comes with satellite tv , air conditioning and a private bathroom .
the beach is just 1 . 5 km away .
situated in kaliurang town , sambi resort , spa & restaurant is a 45 - minute drive from adi sucipto airport and 5 km from mount merapi museum .
bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for snorkelling .
featuring free wifi throughout the property , sun house is located in jeju , 13 km from o ' sulloc tea museum . free private parking is available on site .
the kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher and a microwave .
the nearest airport is varna airport , 8 km from varna apartment summer rental .
it has also retained the villa ' s original impluvium .
rio de janeiro / galeao international airport is located 24 km away .
your self - contained apartment features a fully equipped kitchen and laundry .
free parking is available on site .
guests can also enjoy barbecuing outside where wooden gazebos are provided or relax with a drink at the bar .
istrian landscape is known for its picturesque little mediaeval towns like motovun , grožnjan and several others , which are within a 50 km radius .
towels and bed linen are offered in this apartment .
towels and bed linen are offered in this villa .
there is also a common living room with a tv on the ground floor . premium hostel also offers a gated parking and a bar where meals can be ordered .
they each feature a private bathroom and a kitchenette .
hotel attic ’ s restaurant serves a range of local and international dishes .
featuring free wifi and a terrace , sunnybank boutique guesthouse offers accommodation in holmfirth , 31 km from manchester .
the rustic holiday home has a patio with outdoor furniture .
some units have a sea view or terrace .
situated along yuam river , river house resort features cosy rooms with modern interiors .
the natural history museum of los angeles county is 3 . 1 km away .
just 1 . 5 km from the shore of lake wolfgang , this guesthouse has a private lakeside beach and an indoor pool . it offers free bicycle hire .
the apartment is 1 . 2 km from kings avenue mall .
offering an outdoor pool and seasonal outdoor pool , presthaven sands holiday park 3 and 2 bed platinum caravan is located in prestatyn in the clwyd region , 26 km from liverpool . there is a restaurant and bar and guests can have fun at the water park .
the old town of liérganes is also well worth visiting , particularly the roman bridge .
wenzhou international convention and exhibition centre is 2 . 5 km from ji hotel wenzhou airport avenue , while wenzhou university is 3 . 3 km from the property .
free private parking is available on site .
it is a 10 - minute drive from underwater world and pantai cenang beach .
tucked away in the beautiful bavarian forest 3 km from zwiesel town centre , this guest house offers free wi - fi , bathrooms with heated floors and a spa and wellness area with a sauna and hot tub .
some rooms include a fireplace .
each air - conditioned room here will provide you with a flat - screen cable tv , seating area with sofa and dvd player .
the property boasts views of the city and is 500 metres from omni centre .
only a 3 - minute walk from the zernez train station , the chrusch alba swiss lodge features a charming restaurant serving pizza from the wood - fired oven and tasty fondues .
free limited parking is available .
featuring stylish interiors , the hotel offers modern rooms with air conditioning and free wifi .
maubert mutualité metro station offering access to line 10 is 190 metres from this hotel .
baili hotel is within a 2 - minute walk of beijiang river .
krabi airport is a 30 - minute drive away .
all rooms come without windows and offer air conditioning and a tv .
free wifi access and a flat - screen tv are provided in the air - conditioned rooms and suites at cezanne hotel spa .
offering panoramic views of calchaqui valley , los ceibos has rooms with garden views and free wi - fi .
an extensive breakfast is served in the breakfast room every morning .
adler train station is 1 . 5 km away , and sochi international airport is 2 . 5 km from the property .
they overlook an internal courtyard or a canal .
a coffee machine and work desk are provided in all warmly decorated rooms at the holiday inn express hotel & suites high point south .
talamanca beach is 150 metres away .
free wifi is featured and free private parking is available on site .
zoo hotel is 1 . 2 km from croatian national theatre in osijek , 2 . 2 km from train station and 2 . 3 km from the tvrđa citadel .
a covered parking is available on site , at extra charge .
if you are not a member of the educational or university community , a membership card by any hostel association in the iyhf must be presented .
enjoy sea views from a private balcony or patio at hotel vuoranta .
attractions near the johanniskreuz include the burgruine wilenstein castle ruins , just a 10 - minute drive away .
decorated in a traditional chalet style , the apartment is located on the 2nd floor .
drinks and snacks are served by the pool .
fountain place is set in london , 1 km from o2 academy brixton .
slippers , free toiletries and a shower can be found in the private bathroom .
the eco - friendly studio features a combined living and sleeping room including a kitchenette , a dining area , sofa , a double bed and a flat - screen tv .
girona , with its train station and airport , is 40 minutes ’ drive away .
gudwin shopping mall is 5 minutes ' walk fromapartment compex daudel , and tyumen ' s city centre with tsvetnoy boulevard are 2 km away .
the bathroom comes with free toiletries .
free private parking and a large garden are available on site .
massage is available and there is a laundry and ironing service .
the bathrooms come with a bath tub .
a fresh breakfast is served daily at the restaurant , with its stone walls and open design .
situated in liverpool city centre , liverpool one premier inn is within half a mile radius from liverpool one shopping centre , lime street train station and the odeon cinema .
free wifi is provided throughout the property .
a hairdryer can be found in the bathroom .
pier 42 boutique resort & spa is a 2 - minute walk from chalong beach and the pier , which has several sea - facing restaurants .
variety of restaurants and shops can be found within a short walk from all apartments .
saint - martin collegiate church is 300 metres from le gîte d ' inès , while house of the heads is 600 metres away .
this bright apartment features modern décor and a flat - screen tv . free toiletries and a hairdryer are available in a bathroom .
relaxation facilities at anapa lazurnaya include the sauna and the swimming pool with a sun terrace and loungers .
there are many restaurants and bars within a 5 - minute walk of the stern am rathaus cologne .
at sea view rooms in hikkaduwa - budgetary guesthouse you will find a snack bar .
guests can relax in the communal lounge or watch tv .
3 dining options are available at the hotel .
each room here will provide you with air conditioning , cable tv and seating area with sofa .
free wifi is featured throughout the property and free private parking is available on site .
hotel palace is 10 minutes ’ walk from the convention centre .
during the day , you can enjoy refreshing drinks and lights snacks from the pool bar .
the private bathrooms also come with a shower .
free wifi access is available , and free private parking is provided on site .
each of the rooms at landgasthof pleister mühle comes equipped with a tv and a private bathroom with a hairdryer .
a washing machine is included .
the balconies and terraces overlook the garden ’ s palm trees and the clear water .
ghent ' s vrijdagmarkt square is 1 km from the accommodation and the town hall is a 10 - minute walk away .
guests can enjoy hong kong ’ s skyline from the 3 infinity spa pools .
metro line m3 , as well as the non - stop tram lines 4 and 6 at nyugati train station are 550 metres away .
after a busy day , take a dip in the pool , relax in the sauna , or enjoy a workout in the modern fitness room .
the occupancy at this b & b guarantees tranquillity for the guests .
free wi - fi is available throughout hotel .
set in a restored 16th - century castle typical for the region , this hotel blends historical charm with comfort .
lunch and dinner are possible to order in advance .
gwanumpo pension also includes a terrace .
all apartments have kitchens , equipped with a fridge , an oven and hob , and a microwave .
some units have a balcony , while other comprise a separate living space .
como is 43 km from casamondrian , while locarno is 41 km away .
the rooms include a cable tv , garden view and en suite bathroom .
the kitchen is equipped with an oven , a microwave and a fridge and there is a private bathroom .
guests of chalupa zmišovice can take a stroll in a garden , relax on a sun terrace or enjoy themselves cycling or hiking .
guests will be a 1 - minute walk from historic duval street and 0 . 3 miles from the ernest hemingway home and museum .
the rooms include a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
the property offers free parking .
chillout cengo hostel is 500 metres from taksim square , where you can take the metro to access other popular sites such as hagia sofia and blue mosque .
a continental breakfast is served daily .
it offers a traditional restaurant and a café .
the hotel also offers drinks at the well - stocked bar .
the private bathroom comes with a bath , hairdryer and free toiletries .
pastries , eggs and hot drinks feature in the buffet breakfast served daily .
city centre apartments are situated 400 metres from the palace of science and culture and 600 metres from the świętokrzyska metro station .
provided with free wi - fi internet access , rooms at the astra hotel come fully equipped with ipod docking stations , air conditioning and satellite tv .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
bridgetown is 3 . 4 km from the property .
mcfayden lake is 21 minutes ’ drive away .
featuring a shower , ensuite bathrooms also come with a hairdryer .
all are equipped with a private bathroom and shower .
in a central , vibrant area of the west end , this boutique style hotel is within 5 minutes ' walk of oxford street , soho , theatreland and within easy reach of london ' s financial centre .
václav havel airport prague is located 16 . 5 km away .
the rooms are decorated in a simple style and feature a desk , fan and a telephone . the bathrooms include a shower , bath , toilet and hairdryer .
the en suite marble bathroom comes equipped with a bathtub or shower , hairdryer and free toiletries .
offering free bikes , aandedijkinbrakel is located in brakel .
the property offers a terrace and bbq - facilities .
all spa areas of karlovy vary are reachable within few minutes on foot .
a shuttle service is available to hannover trade fair and hannover airport .
olympos ancient city is 2 . 5 km from this pet friendly property .
all units have a tv . some units feature a seating area and / or patio .
the unit ’ s equipped kitchenette , where guests are welcome to prepare their own meals .
grocery shops and restaurants can be reached within walking distance and free wifi access is provided on site .
offering self - catering apartments , lomas loft is located in santiago .
a toaster , a fridge and stovetop are also offered , as well as a kettle .
a pillow menu is available .
there is a private bathroom with free toiletries in every unit .
located in central bandung , mutiara hotel is 800 metres from braga city walk .
restaurants and supermarkets are within 5 minutes ’ walk of checkin apartments kungsholmen .
the olympic stadium is 6 km away from hotel travelodge .
there is also a fully equipped kitchen with a microwave and an oven as well as barbecue facilities .
there is also a kitchenette , equipped with a microwave .
hotel astra offers laundry and ironing services as well as the airport shuttle at a surcharge .
lefkada town is 7 km away .
it offers soundproofed guest rooms equipped with a flat - screen tv and free wifi access .
guests can take a shower in the private bathroom .
many include a private balcony .
the holiday home features free wifi throughout the property .
select rooms offer in - room hot tubs and a relaxing seating area .
featuring a large garden with barbecue facilities , el albatros offers pet - friendly accommodation in cabo polonio .
riad le lieu is 14 km from aglou beach and the atlantic ocean .
daily breakfast is offered buffet style .
gästehaus hugo offers a packed lunch service for guests wishing to explore the area .
at guests ’ request , food shopping can be provided and meals organized by the aparthotel in the nearby restaurants .
the dormitory and all the rooms have access to a shared bathroom .
a rocky beach is situated close to the house and guests can enjoy walks in the nearby woods .
the on - site sanctus restaurant offers fine dining options with a unique food fusion inspired by local cuisine and international classics .
situated in paris , saint germain offers self - catering accommodation with free wifi .
the popular zona dorada is only 5 minutes ’ drive away .
roma cinecitta is located alongside a park and is 20 minutes ' walk from the subaugusta metro station .
prince hotel furano offers a bar , a public bath and an on - site shop .
kelebek apartments also includes a terrace .
just 250 metres from the archaeological museum , olympic torch hotel is located in the town of olympia , within 180 metres from the central square .
a 24 - hour reception is available .
some rooms have a safety deposit box and a spa bath .
guests can enjoy a communal kitchen too .
savour fine cuisine in the hotel restaurant .
the relais santa cristina is a renovated country house in the heart of the chianti wine country , outside siena .
the property offers free parking .
situated close to séjours & affaires courbevoie grande arche , l ’ espace carpeaux features cinemas , shows and exhibitions .
guests can workout at the fitness centre on - site .
complete with a refrigerator , the dining area also has a dining table .
you will find a cash machine and hairdresser ' s at the property .
other facilities at apartment muñoz include a fitness centre .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk and hairdresser ' s at the property .
alushta is 40 km from tavricheskaya inn , while hurzuf is 47 km away .
the accommodation will provide you with a tv and dvd player . there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave . featuring a bath or shower , private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer .
guests can cook at the fully equipped kitchens .
occupying a romantic , historical building with a tranquil , mountain location , proharmonia wellness residence welcomes you to lądek zdrój , one of the oldest health resorts in europe .
free wifi is provided throughout the property .
the residencia offers accommodation to all members of the educational or university community .
chateau de christin is 25 km from montpellier and is situated between camargue and cévennes 39 km from each .
a supermarket , restaurants and a public bus stop can be found in kappl , and a swimming lake is 10 km away from the haus kerber .
the sanna ’ s air - conditioned rooms feature a stylish interior design that combines traditional elements with an elegant modern décor .
the rooms at hotel papagayo offer basic décor , tv , wardrobe and a private bathroom with shower .
san giovanni stanly hotel hosts a classic restaurant , serving à la carte gourmet dishes .
a 24 - hour reception and vending machines are provided to the guests of the hendersonville days inn .
situated directly on the red sea where the pristine shoreline is flanked by majestic mountains , this resort near the accessible coral reefs offers a modern , international hotel .
enjoy a cup of tea from your terrace or balcony .
free public parking is possible nearby .
banje beach is a 10 - minute walk away .
rooms come with a shared bathroom .
it has a restaurant and offers free wi - fi .
several convenience stores and dining options are available within a 5 - minute walk .
with a scenic village location in laverstock , the hotel has elegant rooms .
free private parking is available at the property .
at bellavista apart maria guests will find a garden and a terrace .
admiralty building and hermitage museum are 2 . 3 km away .
set by the forest in rymáně and 50 metres from the train and bus station , penzion u kašných offers a restaurant and an infra sauna on site .
it offers rooms with free wi - fi and sky channels .
the rooms at hotel les lacs resort are air conditioned and equipped with a seating area , a cable tv and a minibar .
the rooms are fitted with a private bathroom .
located 12 miles from paso robles , 5 minutes ’ drive from hwy 101 , this upscale templeton b & b features wine and olive oil tastings .
located in sirmione , the olimpia is an intimate hotel with a relaxing garden .
each has a tv .
hostel sweethome is located in the krasnoyarsk city centre district in krasnoyarsk , 600 metres from krasnoyarsk state theatre of opera and ballet .
puducherry airport is 4 km from the hotel .
the scala dei turchi is a 30 - minute drive away .
facilities include satellite tv , a fridge and a balcony overlooking the surroundings .
all rooms have a private bathroom equipped with a shower .
the modern kitchen includes a hob , oven and microwave , as well as a dishwasher and washing machine .
guests can take ferries to the aran islands 30 km away .
the nearest airport is lanzarote airport , 22 km from villa 146 , el golfo .
the private bathrooms also come with a shower .
it offers free wi - fi throughout and free public parking on site .
fully furnished bungalows with lake and mountain views can be enjoyed 1 . 5 km from downtown calafate and only 100 metres from the lake .
all air conditioned , rooms include a flat - screen tv with free sky channels , a minibar and free wi - fi . each has a moorish - style bathroom with bathrobes plus slippers and brass elements .
benefit from the function room which is ideal for receptions , weddings , business meetings , conferences and other special occasions .
this card offers many free benefits and discounts , including free use of local cable cars , buses , and trains .
it is a 25 - minute drive from nanwan monkey island and a 35 - minute drive from yanoda rain forest . it takes 15 to 40 minutes by car to the golf clubs nearby .
piesťany airport is 4 km from the property .
you can also enjoy a drink from the bar , which has an extensive wine list of more than 2700 references .
on the south coast of anglesey , bryn aethwy is close to the welsh mainland , with the town of bangor an 8 - minute drive across the strait .
es canar is home to a famous hippy market . ibiza town is a 25 - minute drive away , and the airport is 30 minutes away .
local restaurants are available within a 4 km radius .
set in druskininkai , sonatina apartament offers self - catering accommodation with free wifi .
free wifi access is available .
naples is around 30 km from the property .
it includes free wifi in all areas .
this attractive spa and wellness hotel , dating from 1917 , lies opposite the spa gardens in the picturesque spa town of bad wörishofen in bavaria .
izmir adnan menderes airport is 70 km away .
linyi north railway station is located a 30 - minute drive away .
the bus for malta international airport stops 150 metres away .
free wifi is offered and free private parking is available on site .
an lcd tv and a pastel - coloured décor feature in the rooms at hôtel des arts .
the guest house is 3 . 4 km from marrakech train station and 8 km from marrakech - menara airport .
free table tennis facilities are featured on the premises .
its guests can enjoy an on - site outdoor pool , a finnish sauna , as well as massage treatments .
there is also a well equipped business centre on site .
located just off interstate 64 , this charleston hotel offers free wi - fi , an indoor pool , and modern rooms that feature plush bedding , a microwave , and a refrigerator .
luggage storage is possible , while laundry and massage services can be arranged upon request .
offering 3 outdoor swimming pools , a fitness centre , and free wifi access , naples grande beach resort is located on 23 waterfront acres of florida ' s paradise coast in naples , florida .
there is also a ski school available at the hotel .
the hotel waldlust provides an ideal location for guests to relax , escape the stress of everyday life and enjoy the romantic view of the naab valley .
free wifi access is available .
the restaurant opens onto the panoramic terrace and serves regional specialities , as well as italian cuisine .
all include an outdoor dining setting and a lounge area with a sofa and flat - screen tv .
the restaurant also offers lunches and dinners .
free on - site car parking is available as well .
the pinares de rodeno nature reserve is set 3 km from the apartments .
karpenisi town is at a distance of 40 km , while velouchi ski centre is 41 km away .
carrasco international airport is located 18 km away .
serenely set within the liwa desert , this secluded retreat with stylish desert castle décor offers a breathtaking panorama .
the apartments at the patio mare come with a fully equipped kitchen with a refrigerator and tea / coffee facilities .
airport shuttle can be arranged upon charge .
featuring a shower , the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer .
here , guests can book sessions in the sauna , turkish bath and hot tub .
it includes croissants , cakes and fresh fruit .
the zoo is 1 km away . ba sohotel is 31 km from ezeiza international airport .
balti jaam railway station is 1 km away .
in the heart of the liverpool one development , this 4 - star hotel has views over albert dock .
this new hotel is located in the centre of nuremberg , 600 metres from nuremberg main station .
located on northbourne avenue , the major thoroughfare in canberra cbd , this modern property gives you the choice of hotel rooms and fully self - contained suites .
after working out in the fitness centre , guests at the burlington smart suites hotel can relax in the hot tub and sauna .
hotel lugal ankara boasts individually decorated rooms , all fitted with 42 - inch lcd tv and a well - stocked minibar .
diners will appreciate the hotel ' s bistro , where you can try a variety of regional dishes .
the medical university of south carolina is minutes from the house of john rutledge .
ironing facilities are available .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with free toiletries .
gustavo rojas pinilla airport is only a 5 - minute drive .
free wifi is available in the rooms .
the bathroom includes a shower and toilets .
situated next to volos beach , this modern boutique hotel offers views of the pagasetic gulf and provides free internet access and complimentary breakfast .
towels and bed linen are available in this self - catering accommodation , which it situated on the first floor and has its own entrance .
for your comfort , you will find slippers and free toiletries .
chanioti , boasting an array of shops and restaurants , is 3 . 5 km away , while pefkohori is at 8km .
the apartment is a 30 - minute drive from el rodadero beach and 3 km from simon bolivar airport .
guests can enjoy meals in the comfort of their rooms .
enjoying a waterfront position just 100 metres from the pebbly beach , hotel soan is 3 km from the centre of sarandë .
the closest bus stop is within 300 metres and the railway station of brasov is reachable on foot in about 20 minutes .
there is a dining area at apartment aleksandra čaka 65 and a fully equipped kitchen provides all the amenities needed to make a meal .
the melbourne cricket ground and rod laver arena are both a 15 - minute drive away .
day trips and sightseeing bookings can be made at the on - site tour desk .
some rooms have balconies .
they can also enjoy a game of table tennis or use the designated barbecue area in the garden , which also boasts a playground for children .
they feature heating and private bathrooms .
each room at the galpin features cable tv and a telephone .
there are 2 bar areas , where guests can enjoy drinks .
each has a kitchenette with a fridge and cooking hobs .
concierge services and free usage of computers can be found at the lobby .
the hotel la renardière is located right at the ski slopes , 150 meters from the cable car , and only a 2 - minute walk from the centre of villars .
free private parking is available in the premises .
it offers a typical andalusian courtyard and free wi - fi throughout .
breakfast is served in a restaurant that also serves polish dishes .
guests can find many bars and restaurants within a 5 - minute walk .
the bathroom comes with a bathtub and shower and extras include a washing machine and tumble dryer .
fuzhou changle international airport can be reached in 1 hour ' s car journey .
apartments at nahuen puerto madryn - sindicato luz y fuerza are equipped with comfortable living rooms and fully - equipped kitchen facilities , including an oven , microwave , stovetop , refrigerator , electric kettle and kitchenware . they are fitted with air conditioning , heating and complete bathrooms with free toiletries .
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower and bidet .
espace mont - noble , 100 metres away , will offer you tennis court , swin golf field , archery , ice - skating rink and other attractions .
towels and bed linen are offered at all suite colosseo .
all rooms are equipped with air conditioning , a flat - screen tv and an electric kettle .
chiang mai international airport is a 25 - minute ride away .
guests can relax at the sun loungers by the pool and enjoy a drink or a light snack at the poolside snack bar .
you can also benefit from the shared kitchen to store your food or cook your own meals .
massage services are available at tucson joesler historic inn .
with a country décor , each soundproofed room at le mousseau features a private bathroom with bathrobe , an electric kettle and free wi - fi .
located 500 metres from original starbucks store , seattle prominence apartment offers accommodation in seattle .
copenhagen kastrup airport is 7 km from the property .
the nearest airport is côte d ' azur airport , 22 km from the property .
regular rooms are also equipped with a lamp , desk , sitting area and a fan .
the hotel also offers free use of bicycles .
kalibo airport is a 2 - hours drive away .
there are 2 golf courses within a 5 - minute walk of the property .
there is also a dining area and a kitchen equipped with an oven and microwave . a fridge and stovetop are also available , as well as a kettle .
guests may exercise in the gym , take a dip in the hot tub or relax in the sauna . alternatively , they can play a game of billiards or head to the library .
all of them have fully - equipped kitchens and dining areas .
private parking is available on site .
third - party group and individual surf , stand up paddle and yoga lessons are available at a location nearby .
hotel roma provides design and air - conditioned rooms with free wi - fi and a sea - view balcony .
zahara de los atunes has a range of cafés , bars and restaurants .
all apartments comprise cable tv , a fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom with shower .
acquapendente is a 20 - minute drive from holiday home lagaccione , and lake bolsena is 38 km away .
free use of bicycles and bike hire are available at the property and the area is popular for cycling and hiking .
air conditioning comes standard .
guests of the rosarela have access to free bicycles and a ski deposit .
dubrovnik luxury apartments are set in 3 different locations in the old town of dubrovnik , a short walk from each other .
the galerie restaurant serves german and international food , and has a children ' s menu .
landhotel kolb also has a restaurant with a summer terrace and a buffet area .
courtyard bloomingdale offers guests a 24 - hour market and gym .
the property ’ s own café serves local and european cuisine .
private bathrooms come either with a bathtub or a shower and free toiletries .
free private parking is available on site .
featuring free wifi and a sun terrace , xiamen monkey house family inn offers accommodation near xiamen zhongshan road pedestrian street .
it features a spa , a restaurant , and a living room with free wi - fi and an open fireplace .
a flat - screen tv with cable channels is offered .
it offers self - catering accommodation with balcony and free wifi access .
there is also a kitchen , fitted with an oven . a refrigerator and kettle are also available .
you can play mini golf or visit the games room , with billiards and table tennis .
other facilities at holiday home soft include a barbecue .
the air - conditioned dormitory rooms at the stup are functionally furnished and come with a small seating area and a wardrobe .
with easy access to highway 101 , this all - suite hotel in san luis obispo , california offers wifi access and is only minutes from golf courses , wineries and many activities .
the fully - equipped kitchen has a dishwasher and a washing machine is available , as well .
further facilities include a games room with table tennis , a fitness room and a garden .
a 24 - hour front desk is available , and drinks vending machines can be used .
free wi - fi is provided in all rooms and a free continental breakfast is available to guests .
roberto huembes bus station is 1 km away .
free parking is possible nearby .
it offers self - catering accommodation with classic décor .
bed linen is provided .
raja bhoj domestic airport is 11 km away .
meanwhile many other restaurants can be found within walking distance .
krosno ’ s city centre is 2 . 4 km away .
staff can assist with car rental , ticketing arrangement and luggage storage services .
located in sopot , this apartment features free wifi . the property features views of the city and is 800 metres from crooked house .
located on the edge of ischgl , apart bödalaweg is a spacious apartment with free wifi , wooden furniture and a balcony . the pardatschgrat cable car is 600 metres away .
calgary is about 45 minutes ’ drive away and accessible via highway 2 .
the beautiful old town is only 900 metres away .
nestled in the small castle town of tsuwano , with huge tree - covered hills , this bed and breakfast hostel has free parking on site . it offers simple japanese - style rooms , and a dining room for breakfast and authentic evening meals .
this accommodation offered two spacious bedrooms with air conditioning and a cable tv . private bathrooms come with shower facilities . completed with a sofa set , the seating area is fitted with a flat - screen tv , cable channels and a cd player . there is a seating set at that the patio .
this gleview , illinois motel serves free morning coffee and features warmly decorated rooms with a flat - screen cable tv .
you can play tennis at this resort , and the area is popular for golfing and snorkeling .
modern wooden furnishings and a private bathroom with a power shower are also included in each room .
the cappello rosso provides free bike rental and free golf bags .
free private parking is available on site .
room service can be requested for in - room dining comforts .
cervantes ’ house is within a 10 - minute walk of the convento santa clara .
it takes 1 hour by car to guilin railway station . liangjiang international airport is about 1 . 5 hours ’ drive away .
estadio municipal de concepción is 4 . 4 km from parque urbano , while universidad de concepción is 5 km from the property .
dalaman airport is within 100 km .
the silistar beach is 6 km away .
the on - site spa centre and massage service are available at a surcharge .
the two - bedroom apartment is provided with a lounge with tv and hi - fi system .
located along zhouqiao old street , jiading villa garden hotel is a 15 - minute drive from guyi garden , a 30 - minute drive from hongqiao international airport and a 30 - minute drive from people ’ s square in downtown shanghai .
the park offers a fire pit for campfires and a mini - market .
bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for golfing .
with free private parking , casa l ́ alqueria is 2 km from valencia port , with links to ibiza and palma de mallorca .
the property also has 5 hectares of vineyards , which it is possible to visit on request .
offering a barbecue and sauna , guest house marshal is located in murmansk in the murmansk region region . guests can enjoy the on - site bar .
facilities at keswick island guest house include a guest lounge with satellite tv and a book / dvd library .
bed linen and towels are provided .
it offers free bike hire and a free shuttle to nizza monferrato centre , 2 km away .
there are also various restaurants in the surrounding streets .
on - site parking is free .
this hostel is located in the centre of uzhgorod , a 2 - minute walk from teatralnaya square .
the private bathroom comes with a bath or shower and a hairdryer .
sophisticated azerbaijan , european and asian dishes are offered in various restaurants .
located on the portland state university campus , guests can enjoy a daily continental breakfast .
set over 2 floors , the villa includes a living room with a fireplace , satellite tv and a dvd player .
the nearest airport is anapa airport , 36 km from the property .
with modern - style interiors , the property has a balcony with city views and offers free wi - fi access throughout .
the grounds feature a subtropical swimming pool plus leisure facilities .
all rooms of la truite provide cable tv and a washing basin .
all the air - conditioned rooms at the hotel am schelztor come with a tv and minibar .
the nearest airport is don mueang international airport , 18 km from 42 guest house .
air conditioning is provided at villa big white .
each room here will provide guests with air conditioning , a balcony and a small patio .
alternatively , pampering massage services await .
the popular tongyeong port and nammangsan sculpture park are each a 5 - minute drive .
there is a shared lounge at the property .
24 - hour front desk service is provided .
the hotel has 53 simply decorated but comfortable guest rooms .
it is 7 km from the historic sultanahmet district and 8 km from taksim square .
it has a shop and a small café , where guests can have a coffee and watch tv .
featuring cycladic - style stone - built beds , the air - conditioned studios at the mirsini include a kitchenette with a fridge .
the rooms include a shared bathroom .
a grocery shop and a bakery can be found within 100 metres .
the property offers free wifi and private parking .
all units feature a flat - screen tv .
there is also banqueting rooms for up to 120 people and a large lakeside terrace .
all rooms have clean bedding and air conditioning .
regional and international dishes are served in the hotel restaurant with beer garden .
the pools and the sauna for example are included .
there is 24 - hour reception and you can find car rental services here .
cala cortina beach is 15 minutes ’ drive away .
the inishowen peninsula and malin head area feature numerous scenic walks , and horse - riding and kayaking can be arranged through the hotel .
it is set amidst a palm - tree garden and offers rooms with free wi - fi .
a 24 - hour reception is available at the vincennes super 8 motel and guests will also be able to enjoy a drink from the on site vending machines .
hotel gjirokastër is located 300 metres from the centre , in a part of town famous for numerous museums .
parking and wi - fi are both free .
other facilities like ticket service , tour desk and luggage storage are offered .
bibione thermal baths are approximately 1 km from the white star , while the gold - sanded beaches of lignano sabbiadoro area less than a 20 - minute drive away .
certain units feature views of the mountains or garden .
each apartment includes a seating area , dining area and a fully - equipped kitchenette .
ruo dong nightmarket is a 30 - minute drive away and songshan airport is a 55 - minute drive away .
24 - hour reception services are offered and free parking is available on site .
búzios town centre and the lively rua das pedras street are 2 km from lobo inn .
each casas carmen apartment has a private bathroom , and a living room with satellite tv .
room service is also available .
this comfortable hotel is located in the town of bahia kino , just 500 metres from the gulf of california .
a variety of cafés and restaurants can be found within a 5 - minute walk from the guest house .
each room features a full kitchen with a dishwasher , oven , stovetop , coffee machine , toaster , electric kettle , refrigerator and microwave .
vent de garbí has a sun terrace , with panoramic views of the bay .
located in tochni village , myrto house is a charming stone - built complex surrounded by colourful flowers and citrus trees .
bike and car rental can be arranged on site .
punta della suina beach is reachable by car in just over 10 minutes , while lido pizzo beach is 5 km away .
a dining area is also provided .
there is a kitchen with fireplace , oven and dishwasher , as well as a furnished outdoor dining area .
visit the vineyards in the vicinity and indulge in the best that the area has to offer , whilst enjoying the tranquillity of this magnificent setting . surrounded by some of the wine route ' s finest estates , you will have every excuse to explore the wonders of the cape at your leisure .
it is the biggest basilica in europe and the highest building in hungary . the castle town of visegrád with its royal palace can be reached within 23 km .
this hotel dates back to 1906 and is located near the beach in sandvig , only 2 . 5 km from the 13th - century ruins of hammershus .
massage facilities are available .
a shuttle service can be booked .
accommodation options at apotek guesthouse akureyri have either shared or private bathrooms .
all rooms have a balcony .
blasbichler appartments is 65 km from bolzano .
encontro das aguas pousada provides practical rooms with air conditioning , a tv and a minibar . they are simply styled with tiled floors , a bed side table and a mirror .
the studio will provide you with a flat - screen tv and air conditioning . featuring a shower , the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer , slippers and free toiletries .
rooms come with a balcony , flat - screen tv and refrigerator .
guests can leave their cars at the free garage and take the lift directly to the hotel .
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings , including fishing and hiking .
extras include bed linen .
the hotel has a garden with terrace and spacious rooms with ottoman - style furniture .
the motel offers free wi - fi and guest rooms with cable tv .
lake dubrava is 1 . 5 km from the prelog hotel .
it offers well - equipped studios with tvs .
the klopeinersee golf course is a 5 - minute drive away .
staff at the on - site tour desk can assist with travel and sightseeing bookings .
the apartment is a 10 - minute walk from barceloneta metro station .
free private parking is available on site .
you can park your car for free on site .
laundry , fax and photocopying services are available in the hotel .
free wifi access is available .
guests can go cycling or hiking in the surrounding areas .
a tv is available .
guests can enjoy a traditional thai massage at the spa , or go on a snorkeling trip .
isafjordur is 22 km away .
en suite bathrooms are equipped with a shower and free toiletries .
guests can take a shower in the private bathroom .
alternatively , guests can use the barbecue facilities and eat outside on the terrace fitted with garden furniture .
free on - site car parking is available .
some rooms also include a balcony overlooking the street .
guests of hotel alpenleben garni apart can use a ski storage room with a ski boot dryer .
the hotel also has a fitness room with a sauna .
hotel central cordoba is situated in the retiro district in buenos aires , 800 metres from florida pedestrian street and 900 metres from colon theater .
this sunny b & b offers rooms of various sizes which are furnished in light colours . mimì b & b is located in ravello and offers free wifi access throughout .
a 30 - minute drive from tianjin binhai international airport stands the spectacular tianjin saixiang hotel .
there are also a personal safe , a seating area , and an en suite bathroom with shower facility , slippers , and free toiletries .
hotel eurostar inn has a tour desk that can assist with bookings of sightseeing excursions and travel arrangements .
the nearest airport is stornoway airport , 67 km from the property .
breakfast is offered every morning , while a restaurant is within 2 km .
free private parking is available on site .
each room here will provide you with a tv , air conditioning and a balcony .
you can enjoy your meals at the poolside with stunning views of the surrounding mountains .
many dining options are available to satisfy everyone .
the schneiterhof ’ s spacious garden comes with a children ’ s playground , outdoor furniture and barbecue facilities .
there are 2 bathrooms for guests to use . en suite laundry facilities are provided .
some units feature a seating area to relax in after a busy day .
breakfast is served every morning at the spacious dining room , where you can enjoy home - made meals in the afternoon .
local restaurants and bars can be found within a 5 - minute ride away .
a sweet and savoury breakfast is offered daily .
free wifi is available throughout the property .
featuring free wifi throughout the property , campanile le havre centre is located in le havre , 1 . 4 km from saint - michel ' s church .
recreation facilities include a fitness centre and sauna .
guests use the private bathroom .
the winter palace and arena armeec hall are 1 km away .
offering tea and scones on arrival , sunville house features spacious rooms with garden views .
room service is available .
the reception is open 24 hours a day and guests can leave their valuables in the safe .
free wifi is available throughout the property .
guests can sip complimentary green tea and watch satellite tv - channels .
you can also drive to port aventura theme park in only 15 minutes .
featuring tennis court , basketball playground and a steam bath , this hotel is located in polyana village , 9 km from svalyava town .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk and a bicycle rental at the property . luggage storage service is offered .
offering an outdoor pool , pousada shangrila is located in ribeirão preto .
the felsentherme thermal baths are 1 . 4 km away and a local swimming lake is a 5 - minute drive from the apartment .
the hotel offers n airport transfer service is available on request .
located next door to adolfo mejia theater , hotel aqualina b & b in cartegena de indias is only 2 minutes ’ walk from the beach .
residenza zaccolo is set in lignano sabbiadoro , 1 . 7 km from porto lignano .
a number of restaurants serving a range of local and international cuisines can be found within 5 km .
the bathroom is fitted with a shower .
rooms here will provide you with a tv .
guests can also find traditional cuisine 2 km away in the local restaurants .
it features a furnished balcony and free wi - fi access .
there is a pool bar and a lounge with sofas .
offering a golf course , wellness centre and 3 restaurants , resort malevil features traditionally decorated accommodation and numerous possibilities for adrenalin activities .
the nearest airport is ngurah rai international airport , 50 km from rumah pohon tree house .
this hotel is a 5 - minute walk from the beach .
at venzel mini hotel you will find a shared kitchen .
each room is air - conditioned and overlooks the garden .
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings , including skiing and cycling .
breakfast is served in the restaurant .
guests can enjoy international dishes in a nearby restaurant , a 5 - minute walk from teja home stay .
an en suite bathroom comes with shower facilities .
the accommodation is fitted with a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
open hostel fantomas is located in moscow , a 3 - minute walk from chistye prudy metro station .
torbole is 7 . 5 km from the apartment , while riva del garda is a 10 - minute drive away .
located in velden am wörthersee , 1 . 2 km from casino velden , pension marko boasts a terrace and views of the mountain .
enjoy a cup of coffee while looking out at the mountain or garden .
the kitchen is equipped with a stove , refrigerator , electric kettle and kitchenware .
private parking is available on site .
guests can also explore the surrounding area for various dining options .
florence airport is 11 km from the property .
the modern - style chalet is also 4 . 7 km from les houches and 13 km from les grands montets .
this property also features a terrace , a bar and free on - site parking .
each unit has a private bathroom with a shower .
they are equipped with a flat - screen tv and have a private bathroom with bathrobe , hairdryer and toiletries .
you will find a kettle in the room .
napa place bed & breakfast is located in the heart of bangkok city . only a 3 - minute walk from bts thong lo skytrain station , it offers an easy access to the city ' s major shopping centres .
you will find a coffee machine in the room . a flat - screen tv is featured .
a rich buffet breakfast with organic options and fresh fairtrade coffee is served every morning .
room service is also available .
surf lessons can be booked and a daily breakfast is included .
towels are also featured .
airport shuttle is available at a charge .
hotel yuzhny offers accommodation in dagomys , a 3 - minute walk from the black sea coast .
it offers an airport and area shuttle and rooms with free wi - fi .
kitchen area comes with a microwave , an electric kettle and a refrigerator .
a separate seating area with a sofa bed , cable tv , and dining area are provided in every home from homes4uu kissimmee vacation homes . each holiday home is fully furnished and uniquely decorated .
there are 2 twin bedrooms and a bathroom with a shower .
free private parking is provided .
it consists of a large living area with kitchenette , sofa bed , and a raised double bedroom .
free wifi access is available .
the hotel ’ s restaurant offers à la carte dining with traditional dishes from the region .
la terrazza restaurant , set on a panoramic terrace , specialises in pizzas and sardinian dishes .
located in the middle of hurghada marina , one bedroom sea view studio features a rooftop terrace that overlooks the marina .
free public parking is also available .
the property is 1 . 4 km from wielka krokiew ski jump and 1 . 7 km from the zakopane aqua park .
hearty farmhouse breakfasts are served every morning , made with local ingredients including butcher ’ s bacon and sausages , free - range organic eggs , and homemade brown bread .
simply furnished with tiled flooring , air - conditioned rooms include a desk , wardrobe , seating area and a tv with cable channels .
there is also a kitchen , fitted with an oven and microwave .
all have a fridge , microwave and tea / coffee maker , as well as a laptop - sized safe .
at ferienwohnungen alfonsstüberl a ski storage room with ski boot dryer is offered .
free wi - fi access and free parking are available .
guangzhou baiyun international airport is a 52 - minute drive away .
the rooms of the harnaś feature bright interiors and private balconies with views of the tatra mountains .
3t apart hotel are 150 metres away from kalkan beach .
furthermore , the house includes a living area , cable flat - screen tv , playstation 3 console , a fully - equipped kitchen , outdoor furniture and barbecue facilities , and a bathroom fitted with a bath or a shower .
at la maison rouge you will find a garden and a terrace .
offering a wellness area with hot tub , traditional swabian food , and free wifi in rooms , this 3 - star hotel lies in the centre of donaueschingen , in the baar am rande of the black forrest ..
every morning breakfast is served in the guesthouse .
central moscow is a 50 - minute drive from country hotel aniva and free private parking is available at the hotel .
free wi - fi is also included .
cebit is 1 . 4 km from private apartment karlsruher strasse ( 6018 ), while expo plaza hannover is 1 . 9 km from the property .
neighbouring greenwich tube station , the 4 - star novotel london greenwich is just 10 minutes ' drive from the o2 arena .
guests can rent refrigerators from the front desk .
offering a seasonal outdoor pool , b & b villa beatrice is located in a peaceful area in verona .
apartments and rooms times inn is located in zagreb , 2 km from the centre .
set in csopak , just 30 metres from the public beach at lake balaton , sétány apartman offers self - catered accommodation with free wifi access , free parking and a garden with a children ’ s playground .
guests can prepare meals in the kitchen , which contains a microwave and coffee machine .
miriti is situated only a few metres from republica square , teatro da paz and shopping iguatemi .
private bathroom comes with a shower and tile floors .
located 800 metres from olympic stadium and 2 . 9 km from bolshoi theatre , apartment na orlovo - davydovskom offers accommodation in moscow .
cosy and comfortable guest rooms make visitors feel perfectly at home .
each room is fitted with a tv .
the resort features an outdoor swimming pool , restaurant and beach lounge .
the public outdoor pool freibad hippach is 1 km away .
located within 450 metres from the beach and the town centre , vlsb apartments offers air - conditioned accommodation units with satellite tv . the local bus stop is just 40 metres away .
apartment on minusinskaya is an apartment situated in kaliningrad , 3 km from church of the holy family . the property features views of the city and is 3 . 8 km from königsberg cathedral .
jr nakafurano train station is a 10 - minute drive away .
central gilleleje is 2 km away .
you can play darts and squash at the property .
the kitchen is equipped with a fridge and a stovetop .
the apartments are surrounded by a large garden with pine and palm trees .
only a 45 - minute drive from phuket international airport , it offers a restaurant and free wi - fi .
set on 2 acres , crescent head resort & conference centre offers rooms with free wi - fi , just 5 minutes ' walk from killick beach .
it features an outdoor pool , a terrace and views of the surrounding mountains .
free wifi access is available .
the property offers free parking .
a cable tv is featured in each air - conditioned guest room at town chalet motel .
the property offers free parking , and faro international airport is 34 km away from the apartment .
featuring an on - site wine bar , this manhattan hotel offers free wifi access and rooms with a flat - screen tv . the empire state building is only 6 minutes ’ walk away .
the nearest airport is exeter international airport , 25 km from mariners beachside .
shops , restaurants , a cable car station , railway station , ice rink , cross - country ski tracks , tennis courts , a playground and swimming pool are available there .
guests can dine on local cuisine and wine , in the several restaurants located in the cultural and historical city of bragança , a 10 - minute drive away .
guests can find restaurants in the immediate vicinity of hotel y suites corita .
the property offers free parking .
the property offers free parking .
kk inn hotel is located in kuala lumpur ' s ampang area , a 5 - minute walk from star lrt station .
the hotel has a 9 - hole golf course , along with a putting green and a driving range .
a flat - screen tv is provided in the living room .
set just a few short steps from the popular mirissa beach , latheena resort features clean and comfortable guestrooms .
a flat - screen tv with satellite channels , as well as a cd player are available .
the b & b is well placed for visiting the langhe region , which specialises in wine , cheese and truffles .
a buffet breakfast is served every morning from 05 : 30 .
other facilities offered include a games room , a tour desk and luggage storage .
the property is within 400 metres of the town ’ s sights such as saint nicolas ’ tower and the sacré coeur church .
with classic décor , rooms provide satellite tv with sky channels .
pulkovo airport is 24 km from the property .
all of the rooms have a balcony overlooking the garden .
the studios additionally feature a kitchenette .
deluxe apartment mit balkon is a self - catering accommodation located in freiburg im breisgau .
guests can also request picnic lunches .
wasaga beach is 15 minutes ’ drive away .
rooms are equipped with a private bathroom with a bidet and shower , with free toiletries and a hair dryer provided .
there is a fully - equipped kitchen with household appliances and kitchenware included .
the surrounding eichwald forest is ideal for hiking .
after a session at the gym or squash court , guests can enjoy a relaxing massage in the privacy of their room .
the property is 300 metres from błyskawica museum ship 200 metres from kosciuszki square and 550 metres from the city beach .
xiamen blue mountain hotel features well - decorated rooms and villas in zhangzhou .
wine tastings can be organized upon a request in the on - site wine cellar .
the resort ’ s bar provides a nice setting for a drink with friends or other guests .
guests can relax by the pool or rent a bicycle to go explore the charming city .
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher , a refrigerator and a stove .
the hotel has a children ' s playground and spa centre , and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant or a drink at the bar .
the upscale hotel offers 10 meeting rooms , table tennis facilities and a nightclub .
the foundation of islamic is just across the road .
front desk operates 24 hours a day and offers room service and currency exchange .
for your comfort , you will find free toiletries , towels and bed linen .
boardinghouse la grotta is a 5 - minute walk from speyer ’ s pedestrian area and historic altpörtel city gate .
there is a drinks vending machine on site .
its stylish rooms have air conditioning , a flat - screen satellite tv and free wifi .
it features a lush rose garden and a terrace with mountain and garden views .
listowel golf course is 8 km away .
louis armstrong new orleans international airport is 12 minutes ' drive away .
just off highway 72 , near the tennessee river , this hotel in florence , alabama provides a hot breakfast every morning and guestrooms with convenient microwaves and mini - refrigerators .
there is a washing machine and ironing facilities are provided .
guests may relax on the sun loungers of the sun terrace by the pool .
dubrovnik airport is 16 km away .
the apartments are stylishly decorated and come with a seating area with a flat - screen tv and a bathroom with a hairdryer . some feature a balcony .
free wi - fi and a tv with satellite channels is offered in each room .
at a surcharge , guests can have breakfast and make use of the sauna , both located at pension christa , 50 metres away .
a supermarket can be found 2 km away .
thai and western dishes are served in the open - air restaurant .
the nearest airport is ngurah rai international airport , 10 km from the property .
the property offers free parking .
the property offers cosy rooms with free wifi . guest are provided with free pick up service from thong sala pier to the residence .
the apartments all have a private entrance from a yard , a fully equipped kitchenette and a bathroom with a bath or a shower and towels .
apollon features a café - bar and air - conditioned lobby with fireplace on site .
with air conditioning , rooms are decorated with parquet floors and come with a flat - screen tv .
classical - style furniture and warm colours are featured in the azimut hotel voronezh ’ s smart rooms .
just 1 km from the village of arén , it offers rooms with views of the aragonese pyrenees .
set in an apartment building , the siesta is 50 metres from the nearest restaurant and grocery shop .
it offers rooms with a cooling fan and a private bathroom with hairdryer .
the nearest airport is ngurah rai international airport , 5 km from the property .
this b & b is set in a baroque building in catania ’ s historic centre , 150 metres from piazza duomo .
marnixplein tram stop is a 5 - minute walk away .
located in sedona , arizona , this bed and breakfast features an outdoor pool and hot tub as well as an on - site tennis court .
set in the hills of tuscany , between the art cities of siena and florence , il rosalaccio provides free parking .
the en suite bathroom comes with shower facilities .
romena residence is a 5 - minute drive from pratovecchio train station and town centre .
cooked and continental breakfasts are available each morning at nelson greens motel .
vladivostok city centre is 25 minutes ’ drive from villa arte hotel , and vladivostok airport is 20 minutes ’ ride by car away .
some units feature a terrace and / or balcony with garden views .
indulge yourself with treatments ranging from tanning to massages and hot stone treatments .
located in paris , bristol loft is a self - catering accommodation featuring free wifi access . it offers a view of the eiffel tower and is just 500 metres from the champs elysées .
el pont de suert and vielha can be reached in 50 minutes by car , while tremp is 70 km away .
the bathroom on the property is equipped with hot water and showers .
spa facilities include a steam bath , sauna , herbal sauna , sun bed , infrared cabin , and rooftop fitness room .
the nearest airport is kerry airport , 14 km from the property .
home farm is a holiday home located in newark upon trent .
complete with a dishwasher , the full kitchen includes an oven and microwave .
located just a 5 - minute walk from the beach , travellers beach hostel offers a terrace , lockers and luggage storage . the town centre is a 7 - minute walk from the property .
guests of the apartamento charmoso are welcome to cook their own meals in the kitchen , enjoying them in the dining area .
you can relax in the shared lounge .
guests can dine at the restaurant and bar , or enjoy a bbq outdoors .
the cottage has wooden floors and includes 4 bedrooms , 2 bathrooms and a living room with a fireplace , a flat - screen satellite tv and dvd player .
also on offer are rooms with a kitchenette and microwave for self - catering .
for your comfort , you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer .
tbilisi international airport is 28 km away .
each room has a tv .
the property offers free wifi .
the accommodation offers rustic yet elegant rooms with a continental breakfast each morning .
in - room dining is possible with room service .
located on the intersection of 2 thoroughfares in central gaziantep , the 8 - storey best western ravanda hotel with glass façade features a health club offering an indoor pool , sauna and fitness facilities .
the property offers its guests a traditional restaurant , free wifi access is provided throughout .
grilled and moroccan cuisine is made from fresh produce and served in the dining area .
for your comfort , you will find slippers , free toiletries and a hairdryer .
mattala rajapaksa international airport is 82 km away .
the hotel offers free airport shuttle , guest rooms with free wi - fi and an on - site restaurant .
city center apartment tallinn is located 800 metres from the nearest shopping centre and 5 km from the tallinn airport .
sheremetyevo international airport is 24 km away .
le victor hugo is a 2 - minute walk from the town centre and the port de plaisance .
the hotel offers an outdoor pool , free internet access and a restaurant .
a coin - launderette is on - site and ski storage is available .
the hotel also provides a business centre and gift shop .
there is a small selection of restaurants within 10 minutes ’ walk of hotel agua miel .
the hotel is just 1 . 5 km from manali bus station and the buddhist monastery .
this apartment offers views of roses beach and there is a seating area and a kitchen equipped with an oven .
guests can find a supermarket within 5 km .
modern rooms with tiled flooring and air conditioning feature a flat - screen cable tv , minibar and en suite bathroom with shower , hairdryer and free toiletries .
located 5 minutes ’ walk from aiguaoliva beach , in vinaròs , bungalows aigua oliva offer two - bedroom apartments with shared swimming pool , garden and bbq facilities .
the rooms offer air conditioning , heating , flat - screen cable tv and telephone .
a fridge and a stovetop can be found in the kitchen .
the hotel is 1 . 3 km from sukhbaatar square , 1 . 5 km from the chinggis khan statue and national museum of mongolian history .
free wi - fi and a daily hot breakfast is provided to all guests .
guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant .
at san miquel villa you will find a garden and a terrace .
it offers an outdoor pool and rooms with free wi - fi .
western and chinese dishes can be sampled at the café while the lobby lounge provides a cosy environment for light snacks and cocktails .
st lucia hewanorra airport is located 26 . 7 km from the villa .
there is also a children ’ s swimming pool , as well as sun terraces and attractive gardens .
non - smoking rooms are available .
deribasovskaya street is 6 km from dom sofie , while odessa theatre of opera and ballet is 6 km from the property .
baroque apartment is 100 metres away from golden sands central pedestrian street and airport shuttle services can be arranged for guests upon request and at a surcharge .
rooms here provide guests with an electric kettle , a refrigerator , a flat - screen tv , air conditioning , and a private bathroom with a bath or shower .
the private bathroom comes with a shower and bidet .
set within the milmari complex in kopaonik , apartman nika offers self - catering accommodation with free wifi .
all rooms are simply decorated and come with a tv and a fridge .
many shops can be found within 2 km .
rhodes international airport is 13 km from the property .
guests have discounts at restaurants and pizzerias nearby .
the attached bathroom includes shower facility , towels and free toiletries .
free wi - fi is available in the entire property .
car hire is also provided for guests to explore dadong sea on their own .
baden specialities are served in the hotel ' s restaurant with beer garden .
changzhou benniu airport is a 1 - hour car journey away .
guest laundry service is available as well as plenty of bus , car and truck parking .
kick start your day by having an intensive workout at the world - class 24 / 7 gym .
the glacisweg bus stop is a 2 - minute walk away and offers direct access to maastricht central station .
a hearty breakfast is served every morning .
each one has a tv and a fan , along with a private bathroom with a shower and toiletries .
room service is also available .
room service is also available .
the apartment offers a view of the old town .
brand ( niederlausitz ) train station lies 13 km away , and the a13 motorway is 15 minutes by car .
it boasts free wifi throughout , parquet floors and a round bed .
a fitness centre and business centre are available for guest use .
it is 2 . 5 km to lake tarnobrzeg and 1 . 6 km to dzików castle .
the living room has a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
located in šibenik , kala apartments is 4 km from saint nicholas fortress .
situated in a secluded area in south bohemia , chata na lipně is 300 metres from the sandy beach of the lipno lake and 4 km from frymburk village .
the apartment features free wifi throughout the property .
agriturismo al marter offers pet - friendly accommodation in tiarno di sopra .
situated just 100 metres from the sea , apartments parać in petrčane offers air - conditioned apartments with free wi - fi , and satellite tv . barbecue facilities and free private parking are provided .
room service and breakfasts in the room are provided upon request .
a wide range of shops and restaurants are within 10 minutes ’ walking distance of this premier inn birmingham city centre ( new street ).
there are two private bathrooms with a shower each .
it features a chinese restaurant and rooms with free wired internet .
bridge of cally hotel is situated at the foothills of glenshee , which is the gateway to the scottish highlands .
chia is a 10 - minute drive away , and cagliari airport is 50 km away .
the restaurant can cook guests ’ freshly caught fish to their liking .
guests can enjoy free wifi in public areas , such as the hotel ’ s library .
aquacolors water park poreč is 2 . 4 km from apartment trofej . the nearest airport is pula airport , 43 km from the property .
afterwards , you can make use of the inviting outdoor pool , which is surrounded by a number of comfortable loungers .
you will find a coffee machine and a kettle in the room .
offering free wifi , @ buasri by ohm is located in patong .
guests can enjoy international dishes at the restaurant .
each room here will provide you with a flat - screen tv . there is a balcony and a terrace , as well as a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave . the bathrooms also come with a bidet .
there are horse and pony riding tours . you can also rent a bike or a horse for a ride to explore the beautiful surroundings .
al massira airport is 31 km away .
hospedagem venerável is located in gramado .
the chalet features a balcony , living room , tv , dining area , washing machine and ski and bike storage .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with free toiletries .
the hampton ramada hotel also has a snack shop and a business centre .
featuring access to an outdoor pool , secic villa hameaux des sanguinaires offers accommodation in ajaccio , 2 . 8 km from sanguinaires islands and parata tower . free private parking is featured .
dom ministerstv bus stop , providing connections around astana , is a minute ’ s walk from bayterek hotel .
laundry facilities and free parking are also available .
guests are served a daily complimentary breakfast .
a bus stop is located 200 metres away , taking you directly to the centre of baden - baden .
a sweet breakfast buffet is offered daily , but on request this can be savoury .
a public indoor pool , a tennis court , and an ice rink are just 200 metres away .
you will find a shared kitchen at the property .
the restaurant also serves chinese food and provides a 24 - hour room service .
there is also a dining table , and a lounge area with sofas and a flat - screen tv .
a microwave , fridge and coffee maker are provided in all rooms at discovery inn .
staff at the front desk can assist with luggage storage and car hire .
a chalet comes complete with a fully equipped kitchen .
all rooms come with air conditioning , a tv and an electric kettle .
seahaus fuerte offers 1 double bedroom and 1 twin bedroom .
guests can relax on the terrace , furnished with sun loungers and outdoor dining area .
some rooms have a lake view .
a continental breakfast is provided each morning .
all rooms are fitted with a flat - screen tv .
guests can soak up the sun or enjoy relaxing traditional thai massageson the loungers situated by the beach .
louisville zoo is a 5 - minute drive from the hotel . the kentucky exposition center , kentucky derby museum and university of louisville are within a 10 - minute drive .
set 750 metres high in le hohwald , this goose farm is just a 10 - minute drive from alsace adventure park .
located 100 metres from cvjetni square in zagreb , this air - conditioned apartment features free wifi . the apartment is 200 metres from archaeological museum zagreb .
the phönix bergneustadt offers free bicycle storage and free parking for motorbikes and cars .
it offers apartments with air conditioning and a tv .
the duplex villa has living and dining areas , along with 2 bathrooms .
bike hire and car hire are available at this guest house and the area is popular for snorkelling and diving .
staff at the 24 - hour front desk can provide information on sights and activities in the area .
lake sayula and the nevado de colima national park are both within 10 km .
you will find a shared kitchen at the property .
bike rental is available .
guests are invited at ferienwohnungen haus erli to prepare their own home - cooked meals .
the apartment comes with a terrace , a flat - screen tv , a dvd player , a seating area and a fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher .
the bruntal aquapark is 20 km away .
hotel axel opera paris by happyculture is located just a 10 - minute walk from galeries lafayette department store and opéra garnier .
wifi is available in public areas and carries a surcharge .
the lounge bar is open 24 - hour a day .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with free toiletries .
the private bathroom comes with a hairdryer .
the private bathroom is equipped with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
there are several restaurants within 200 metres serving local and international cuisine .
the stylish open plan kitchen features tile flooring , an eletric stovetop and dining table .
ubud monkey forest is 2 . 6 km from villa alam surya ubud , while ubud market is 2 . 7 km from the property .
an english buffet breakfast is served daily .
the traditional gaststube restaurant offers a range of local specialities and a variety of beers from the in - house brewery .
dining options include asian and seafood specialities at quali restaurant , and mediterranean with lombok twist at quah restaurant and nooq tapas bar .
it also has a garden and a restaurant with a terrace .
it serves a free daily hot breakfast .
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven .
museum of miniature amasya , hazeranlar mansion , and rock tombs of pontus kings are within walking distance .
the property ’ s restaurant specialises in classic italian cuisine and local wines .
the 7 - storey building offers a business centre , garden and elegant accommodation with free internet access .
la pointe d ' argent is less than 1 km from the ocean .
częstochowa raków train station is 2 . 4 km from the property .
gran marina suites is located in las palmas de gran canaria , 900 metres from parque de santa catalina .
drivers can make free use of the ana apartments ’ private parking spaces .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and towels .
apartamentos trip soleil playa is located in central platja d ’ aro , right on the beachfront .
guests can also have a traditional meal , composed of organic products upon request .
agi riera la cuana is a 5 - minute walk from a wide range of lively bars and restaurants serving catalan cuisine and typical spanish tapas .
there is also a spa centre where guests can enjoy professional beauty and relaxation treatments .
barbecue facilities are offered at the guest house , and the canteen is located in the resort .
situated in kokhi in the ajara region , 28 km from batumi , qobroni boasts a terrace and views of the mountain .
the apartment consists of a living room with a sofa and cable flat - screen tv .
guests can go shopping on jean médecin avenue , just 60 metres away .
guests of pension neumayr can use a sauna , infrared cabin and sun terrace with deckchairs free of charge .
free private parking is available on site .
tortuga b & b features free wifi .
the cruise also includes an in - house english speaking tour guide .
guests of the hotel can play billiards or go skiing , with ski lifts located 500 metres away .
nevsehir airport is 42 . 6 km away .
located on the third floor with no lift , the apartment features a living area with a flat - screen tv , a clothes dryer , ironing facilities .
relax in your comfortable room and enjoy modern amenities , including free wireless internet access and air conditioning .
fitted with a balcony , rooms feature cable tv , a refrigerator .
the nearest grocery store is 100 metres from the neily apartment .
an optional continental breakfast can be delivered upon request .
arequipa ’ s main square is 5 blocks away .
greg ' s residence phuket is a 5 - minute drive from rawai beach and naiharn beach .
there is a public beach of fine sand 300 metres away and a small rocky beach ( at low tide ) just below the residence .
enjoying great views of the river danube , the hotel wilder mann has elegant rooms with a flat - screen tv and wooden floors .
halmstad city centre is 25 km away .
the hotel also offers car hire .
the living room has a tv and a comfortable sofa .
the famous ancient site of pompeii is an hour ’ s drive away and naples , the regional capital , can be reached in 90 minutes by car .
the hotel ocean promenade is within a 10 - minute drive of the blaine municipal airport .
this self - catering accommodation offers modern residence with thoughtful amenities , luggage storage and free wifi .
the functional rooms are decorated with wooden furniture .
the museum of history and art is 10 minutes ’ drive away .
plumeria private villa also includes a barbecue .
there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
barcelona airport is 90 km away .
extras include a minibar , a seating area and satellite channels .
the nearest airport is samui airport , 8 km from the property .
free wifi is available .
aparthome ludovik provide good access to such lviv ’ s attractions , as the sapieha palace and the saint george ’ s cathedral , 12 minutes ’ walk away .
azerbaijan carpet museum is 3 . 2 km from baha ' s house , while bibi - heybat mosque is 3 . 3 km away .
buses to bolzano and san martino ski slopes stop a 5 - minute walk away .
offering a terrace and views of the sea , albergo alla stazione is set in múggia in the friuli venezia giulia region , 6 km from trieste .
free wi - fi is available in all areas .
towels and bed linen are provided at casa panella .
buffet dinner is offered during the evening with a variety of regional and international dishes .
hongqiao airport is 20 km away , while pudong airport is 40 km away .
located just a 10 - minute drive from the iconic rumah radakng in pontianak , maestro hotel kota baru offers a modern and cosy accommodation featuring an indoor swimming pool , free wifi access in all areas and free on - site parking for guests who drive .
lloret de mar is 24 km from villa treumal , while girona is 27 km from the property .
apartments dora also includes an outdoor pool .
all chalets have a self - contained kitchen with an oven and a microwave .
free wifi is available throughout the property .
located in a 19th - century building , hotel trattoria taddeo e federico palazzo baldani offers liberty - style accommodation in sant ’ angelo in vado .
centrally located , la pensión del camino is 700 metres from burgos cathedral , a unesco world heritage site . not very far you will find lots of churches , like san nicolás , san gil or san lesmes .
featuring french colonial architecture , it also offers panoramic city views , a sauna and steam bath .
located 2 . 5 km from the black sea coast in alakhadzi , u rafa guest house offers free wifi and free private parking .
hotel evershine is located in rajkot .
it is 4 km from photo point and 9 km from munnar elephant ride .
featuring a private balcony , air - conditioned rooms are fitted with classic wood furnishings and floral prints .
it serves a variety of dishes including gourmet pizzas , satay chicken skewers , schnitzels and sandwiches .
set in a restored country house from the 1900s , rustic - style apartments here come with a kitchen or kitchenette .
it offers luxury tents overlooking a dry riverbed and a main lodge with outdoor pool .
located on agadir beachfront , this 4 - star hotel offers an outdoor swimming pool surrounded by palm trees .
each of the guest villas have air conditioning , a full kitchen and a terrace with a dining room .
barbecue facilities and a small playground with a slide , swing and a sandpit for kids can be found in the garden .
a continental breakfast is provided each morning at aux fées des grèves .
some have views of the adriatic sea .
a homemade breakfast including hot tea and coffee , fruit , pastries , and a hot menu rotation is served each morning at always inn .
located 966 metres from the theatre district and 644 metres from times square , this property features a restaurant and a fitness centre .
situated in bettystown , is just a 10 - minute drive from central drogheda .
the nearest restaurant is 20 metres from marta villa , while the green and fish market is located at a distance of 150 metres .
some also have a balcony .
classiky mini hotel features free wifi throughout the property .
you will find a kettle in the room .
all apartments have modern décor and parquet floors .
free private parking is available on site .
the bathroom is fitted with a bath .
you can enjoy garden view from the balcony .
the kitchen is fully equipped , including a refrigerator and microwave oven .
the kitchen includes a dishwasher and microwave .
the centrally located gloria hotel sits beside a beautiful park , just a 5 - minute walk from the beach in saints constantine and helena resort .
at la hulotte you will find a garden and barbecue facilities .
free wifi is available in all the private and dormitory - style rooms .
satellite tv , a telephone and a refrigerator are provided in each room .
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a refrigerator , coffee machine , a microwave , a cooker hood and an electric cooker .
omonia square is 200 metres from mansion hotel , while national archaeological museum of athens is 600 metres from the property .
you can play tennis at this guest house , and the area is popular for horse riding .
santa teresa is 46 km from the property .
for meals , there are a lot of dining choices located nearby .
the property offers free parking .
hotel tropico latino is located in santa teresa beach in nicoya peninsula .
there are facilities for pool / billiards , darts and table football .
the four - bedroom accommodation will provide you with satellite tv including german and scandinavian channels , air conditioning and a terrace .
guests can also enjoy barbecue evenings at the hotel during the summer months .
various dining options and restaurants are within 5 minutes ’ walk .
rusiń - ski ski lift is located 4 . 5 km away .
rooms at the cosco are air conditioned and equipped with a minibar , a hairdryer and ironing facilities .
other facilities at prime rose include a terrace .
são roque do pico is 20 km away from the alojamento and has boat links to faial island .
a sweet and savoury breakfast is provided daily , served in the garden in fine weather .
guests can visit the onsite garden .
club hacienda vodice is 2 km away .
wailea blue golf course is within 1 . 5 km from the polo beach club .
there are various restaurants and bars within a 5 - minute walk of the property .
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven .
providing a seasonal outdoor pool , it also has a sauna , massage treatments and a video game arcade .
the wealth of free sports facilities offered includes table tennis , beach volley , water polo , and windsurfing .
offering air - conditioned suites , seorak kumho resort features a restaurant , fitness centre , and 24 - hour front desk in peaceful mountains 5 km from sokcho ’ s centre .
amenities include satellite tv and a fridge .
each has wooden furnishings and a private bathroom with a shower .
offering their own a la carte restaurant , marfru cafe is located in pattaya south and is a 10 - minute walk from pattaya walking street .
just 50 metres from the beach and overlooking ibiza ' s port of san antonio , apartamentos blue star features an outdoor pool and sun terrace . it offers self - catering apartments 2 . 5 km from the city centre .
located on the western coast of mexico , this oceanfront all - inclusive resort in manzanillo features 6 outdoor pools with a waterfall and 4 restaurants .
the nearest airport is olbia costa smeralda airport , 4 km from the property .
this modern , 4 - star hotel is in hürth ’ s kalscheuren district , 9 km from cologne .
travel and ticketing arrangements can be made at the tour desk .
florence amerigo vespucci airport is 8 km away .
offering a barbecue and views of the mountain , mystique inn is situated in kandy in the kandy district region , 1 . 6 km from ceylon tea museum .
niagara hotel is located a 5 - minute drive from purwodadi botanical garden .
there is a dining area and a kitchen equipped with oven .
vrahia studios enjoy a quiet location on agiassos bay , only 150 metres from the seafront .
free wifi access is available throughout , and a sweet breakfast is provided daily .
you can play tennis at the property , and the area is popular for golfing and horse riding .
some rooms have views of the pool or garden .
the one hotel surat features rooms with free wi - fi and free dvd rental .
towels and bed linen are provided .
local flavours prepared with organic products from the owner ' s farm can be enjoyed for lunch or dinner upon request .
gran hotel miglierina has rooms with flat - screen tvs , sommier beds , tasteful décor and private bathrooms with showers .
bilderberg hotel de bovenste molen is situated in a green forest area nearby the city of venlo .
causeway corner is within a 3 - minute walk from the tram , taxi and bus station .
towels and bed linen are offered at alex beach apartment 31 .
essential kitchenware is also there .
bangkok is 180 km from the property .
located only 200 metres from iconic blue mosque , sefa hotel is right at the heart of the historical sultanahmet area .
the houses are well located for exploring the area ’ s numerous hiking routes and tours of nerpio cultural park are offered .
free wifi can be enjoyed throughout the property .
featuring a spacious terrace boasting views of the adriatic sea , sundeck comfort apartment is surrounded by a lush garden .
located in the born district , within 5 minutes ’ walk of picasso museum and beautiful santa maria del mar cathedral , apartment semoreles offers a 2 - bedroom apartment with free wifi .
guests may cook their own meals in the equipped kitchen of the apartment . the nearby city centre has a wide range of portuguese and international restaurants .
kbal chhay waterfall is a 1 - hour drive away .
free wi - fi is provided in the entire building and free private parking is possible on site .
rooms are equipped with flat - screen cable tv and are decorated in soothing earth tones .
offering free parking , this family - run hotel is 5 km from the coast .
in summer , free transfers to and from the riederalp cable car station are offered .
hallstadt and bad ischl are 15 minutes and 20 minutes away by car .
there is an outdoor pool and free wi - fi in all rooms .
this hotel offers a daily continental breakfast .
all of the spacious , air conditioned rooms at red lion hotel pocatello include a cable tv .
extras include satellite channels and cable channels .
with parquet flooring , each unit at carmen suites comes with a seating area , a washing machine and ironing facilities .
featuring a peaceful and green location outside livorno , casa vacanza da manolo is a ground - floor apartment with private patio and al - fresco dining area .
boasting dishes such as baked polenta and portobello and lamb osso buco , this restaurant includes an extensive wine list .
perla hotel is 350 metres to caycuma bus terminal .
tropicana field baseball stadium is within a 15 - minute drive of the la quinta inn .
free toiletries are provided in an en suite bathroom .
food and drinks are also offered in the garden , which offers a view of the mountains .
smoking and non - smoking accommodations are offered .
the güldene berge ' s bright restaurant serves saxon specialities , international dishes , and a variety of wines from the saale - unstrut region .
hotel arches operates a 24 - hour front desk to assist the guests in currency exchange , library and laundry .
set around a bright interior courtyard , rooms at hotel molino de saydo have traditional spanish décor .
a restaurant area can be located 15 minutes ’ drive away .
the village centre is 1 km away from the property and is a good starting point for hiking and cycling trials .
the o . r tambo international airport is 35 - minute drive from the property .
chic & country is a 15 - minute walk from lecce train station , while lecce cathedral is 2 km away .
motel las fuentes is situated just 5 km from the us border .
nestled on the shores of the olifants river , baluleni safari lodge is located on the balule nature reserve inside the greater kruger national park .
guests can enjoy a barbecue , a restaurant or grab a drink at the on - site bar .
galtür ’ s sports centre and the centre of the village are only 300 metres away .
it features a daily continental breakfast , a 24 - hour front desk and free wi - fi .
certain rooms include a seating area to relax in after a busy day .
batumi archeological museum is 1 . 2 km from sea view - batumi magnolia , while aquapark batumi is 1 . 4 km from the property .
free wi - fi and free private parking are provided .
featuring a garden and a terrace , albergo la meridiana offers classic accommodation in portogruaro . with a bar , the property is located in front of portogruaro central station .
the hotel also features onyx music club , with a bowling alley and a billiards table , and two restaurants offering polish dishes .
the fully equipped kitchen comes with a dishwasher and a microwave .
ploschad vosstaniya metro station and moskovsky train station are 400 metres from the hotel .
it offers rooms with a tv , minibar and a seating area .
located in quend , camping 2 plages offers an outdoor , covered swimming pool , table tennis and a children ’ s playground . the baie de la somme is a 10 - minute drive away .
all units have a dining area and a seating area with a flat - screen tv . all units feature a kitchen fitted with an oven and microwave . a fridge and kettle are also provided .
sun moon lake hotel has a business centre with meeting facilities .
it provides stylish self - catering suites with fully equipped kitchens and spacious living areas .
horse - riding facilities are available nearby .
cochin international airport is about 140 km away .
piazza bra is 800 metres from appartamento rivamancina , while verona arena is 900 metres away .
the attached bathrooms come with a shower .
bluebay pension is located on the northern shore of jeju island , a 3 - minute drive east of the famous ihotewu beach .
palma airport is around an hour ' s drive from the property .
free wi - fi is available in all areas .
the hotel ’ s s ' bar is decorated with wood panelling and a marble bar and serves a variety of cocktails .
the resort has a huge variety of leisure and sports activities such as swimming pools , tennis courts , volleyball , basketball , health club , gym and horse riding , some of which are at an added fee .
the air - conditioned guest rooms com with a flat - screen tv with satellite channels and an en suite bathroom with free toiletries , bathtub or shower .
the nearest airport is zvartnots international airport , 12 km from apartment azatutyan 12 .
the nearest airport is turin airport , 68 km from the property .
there are 3 bathrooms , each with a bath or shower .
the budget hotel has a 24 - hour front desk and free wifi throughout .
the suites kris aeropuerto have a spacious lounge area equipped with a flat - screen tv .
wanning high speed railway station is a 25 - minute drive away , and it takes 1 . 5 hours by car from sanya phoenix international airport to the property .
located directly on route 30 , this motel boasts free wi - fi access and cable tv in every guest room . gettysburg is 18 miles away .
the building is a listed cultural monument and features a garden and free wifi .
they include a tv and a kitchenette equipped with mini fridge and electric kettle .
a fridge and kettle are also provided . there is also a kitchen in some of the units , fitted with an oven and microwave .
the washington monument is 27 . 1 miles away .
there is a dining area and a kitchen . a flat - screen tv is featured . there is a private bathroom with a bidet .
featuring free wi - fi and air - conditioned rooms with flat - screen tv , family - run gil ' s hotel is a 15 - minute walk from olbia ’ s centre .
the family - run tango - pension has spacious rooms with colourful décor , a seating area , and a bathroom with shower and hairdryer .
bad wörishofen train station is 450 metres from the hotel , while the a96 motorway is a 5 - minute drive away .
newport municipal airport is 23 km away .
one of the accommodations also has a washing machine , dining table and stove top .
located 700 metres from the beach at son bou , poppys offers traditional spanish villas and apartments with terraces and sea views . the property features a seasonal outdoor pool set in a garden .
guests can also prepare their own meals at the fully equipped kitchens .
jorge chavez international airport is a 35 minutes ’ drive and downtown lima is 30 minutes away by car from the hostel .
playa de las américas is a 20 - minute drive from the apartments , while arona and tenerife sur airport are within 15 km of the property .
they come with a well - equipped kitchen with oven and dishwasher , and a dining area .
other facilities offered include a vending machine featuring beverages .
free wi - fi is accessible in all areas .
the apartments include a seating area and a well - equipped kitchen with dining area .
at apartament nina you will find a garden .
furnished in typical alpine style , the apartments are at least 30 m2 in size and come with a fully equipped kitchen , a cable tv and a private bathroom .
each unit is fitted with a private bathroom with a bath or shower .
the junction restaurant & lounge is the property ' s onsite restaurant . traditional american cuisine is offered .
the property comprises 4 bedrooms , each with a private bathroom with a shower .
western - themed décor and wood furnishings are featured in each guest room at fort davis drug store and hotel . each room has a flat - screen tv and a private bathroom .
laundry and ironing services are offered .
the heated property boasts a fully equipped kitchen , a large balcony and a flat - screen tv .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a bath or shower and a hairdryer .
milsoms kesgrave hall is a charming boutique hotel set in beautiful grounds in the suffolk countryside , just outside ipswich .
free private parking is available on site .
towels and bed linen are available at the cozy vatican flat .
pré - saint - didier , a spa town , is 15 minutes away by car .
luxury villas with a private pool are offered at mandalay beach villas , a 15 - minute drive from nathon pier .
each has a tv set and a private bathroom with a shower .
with some room types featuring a sea view , all rooms here provide guest with air conditioning , a flat - screen satellite tv and a balcony .
the air - conditioned rooms feature a 32 - inch flat - screen tv , a seating area and a minibar .
the complex is situated in the centre of playa del carmen , just 2 blocks from lively fifth avenue .
the air - conditioned accommodation will provide you with a seating area with sofa , flat - screen tv and washing machine .
you can engage in various activities , such as snorkeling , windsurfing and diving .
each room type has a tv , heating and a private bathroom with free toiletries .
the rooms are brightly decorated and come with minibar , and a flat - screen satellite tv . rooms have classic furnishings and carpeted or parquet floors .
located in the pirin mountains , gotse delchev ’ s leshten eco villas offers spacious units that are rustically furnished .
decorated with wrought - iron beds and light tones , the air - conditioned studios of eleana have a kitchenette with fridge and kitchenware . each unit comes with cooking hobs , a tv and a hairdryer .
a fitness centre and a hot tub are featured at weyburn travelodge hotel .
the modern balinese - style villa features a dining area and a semi open living space with a comfortable seating area . two private cooks are available for in - villa dining .
you will find sun loungers on the paved patio by the pool , and bbq facilities .
all feature a kitchenette , a washing machine and free internet .
guests can store their luggage at the reception desk for their convenience .
bed & breakfast arth am see offers accommodation units with free wi - fi , just 20 metres from the shore of lake zug .
featuring free wifi throughout the property , shili guesthouse offers accommodation in suzhou .
you can book sessions in the seasonal outdoor pool directly on site .
due ponti agriturismo is 30 km from pontedera train station .
extras include a sofa and bed linen .
the spa area at the taxerhof hotel includes an indoor pool , a sauna and relaxation room with panoramic views .
the bathroom comes with a shower .
minigolf can also be played for a surcharge .
located 150 metres from nou d ’ octubre metro station , and a 15 - minute metro ride from the centre of valencia , bioparc apartment offers a private balcony and free wifi .
all rooms are fitted with a shared bathroom fitted with a bath or shower .
all the soundproofed rooms at campanile hotel saint germain les corbeil have a tv and a private bathroom with free toiletries and a bath or shower .
free wifi access is available and the property is 5 - minute drive from the pier that gives access to the cabanas de tavira beach .
this marianna econo lodge inn & suites is located off exit 142 on interstate 10 and features a deluxe continental breakfast with homemade waffles .
piazza navona is a 3 - minute walk away .
ipolytarnóc national park is reachable in 13 km , while salgo castle is 28 km away .
the air - conditioned suites at wyndham garden león centro max have bright , functional décor .
the private bathroom has a shower and towels are included .
other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities , luggage storage and dry cleaning .
meir park is 400 metres from gata , while dizengoff center is 700 metres away .
holiday home musvågevej ålbæk x is located in ålbæk .
hotel amour & symphony is located in central suwon yeongtong city .
the jaipur international airport is 150 km away .
the cottages at les palmeres feature tiled floors and simple décor .
haus niedersachsen ’ s apartments feature wooden or tiled flooring . each apartment has a living room with satellite tv and stereo .
free private parking is offered . free wifi is provided throughout the property .
sea view villa stands amongst cypress trees , olive oil and fruit trees , just a 4 - minute walk from a quiet beach . it features self - catered apartments with a veranda overlooking the ionian sea and the lush countryside of corfu .
the kitchenette is equipped with a microwave , hob and fridge .
free private parking is possible on site .
the property includes a garden , barbecue facilities , and an outdoor hot tub .
each air - conditioned apartment at residence elba features a living area with a tv and a sofa . the kitchenette comes with an oven and a refrigerator .
some accommodation boasts a spa bath .
hotel le continental is 5 km from the a20 motorway and the chateau and park of valencay is 40 km away .
panorama chalet is 5 minutes ’ walk from dinner plain ’ s restaurants and bars .
the apartment enjoys close proximity to restaurants and cafes .
tastefully decorated , rooms come with large windows , warm mood lighting and modern interiors .
free private parking is available on site and the hotel belem is easily accessible by the n137 .
they have a touch of colour and lively paintings by local artists .
antwerp backpackers hostel is situated 1 . 2 km from the central station .
balaia golf course is 3 km away and faro international airport is 22 km away .
set 3 . 2 km from tbilisi opera and ballet theatre in tbilisi city , this apartment features free wifi and a balcony . the apartment is 3 . 4 km from rustaveli theatre .
the living room includes a flat - screen tv , a vintage turntable and a double sofa bed .
a big breakfast buffet is served at the kurvilla pauline every day .
the resort houses a restaurant where guests can enjoy a tasty selection of local and continental dishes .
the national theatre and the rich kosovo museum can be reached in a 10 - minute walk .
relaxing massage is available for a fee .
set on the countryside between umbria and tuscany , this stone farmhouse features a garden with panoramic swimming pool , and offers both rooms and apartments to give you a wider choice .
bookings for stag / hen parties are not accepted .
prague national museum is 500 metres from the property .
the private bathroom comes with a shower .
villa weitblick is 2 km from eisenach train station , and it is a 10 - minute drive to the a4 motorway .
gervasoni walk is 200 metres from eco - ruka , while dimalow walk is 200 metres from the property .
wheelchair access is also available .
the two - bedroom apartment will provide you with exercise equipment and satellite - tv .
rijeka airport is located 26 km from the property .
bed linen is featured .
this southampton , cn hotel is also convenient to a variety of shops , golf courses , restaurants and beautiful sauble beach .
you may play tennis on the court , or relax with a pampering massage or a sauna .
the nearest airport is pulkovo airport , 21 km from the property .
the nearest airport is utapao - rayong - pataya international airport , 28 km from the property .
it features self - catering apartments equipped with a fully equipped kitchen , a dishwasher and a dining area .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling , horse riding and fishing .
all rooms have air conditioning , a telephone , and shared bathroom facilities .
gelendzhik airport is 2 km from the property .
it offers a rooftop terrace with sunbeds and hot tub , a patio with seating area , and a lounge .
free private parking is available on site .
this eco - friendly property offers free wi - fi access and a garden with outdoor furniture .
retro hotel révfülöp enjoys a convenient location 100 metres from the shore of lake balaton .
the property offers free parking .
porto international airport is a 17 - minute drive from the cosy downtown flat .
they all include free wifi , a flat - screen tv , minibar , and bathroom .
this hotel is located in saint petersburg , a 10 - minute walk from the alexander nevsky bridge .
each elegant air - conditioned room includes a flat - screen tv , a trouser press , and tea and coffee making facilities .
restaurants , grocers and bars can be found within a walking distance .
all rooms are equipped with a private bathroom fitted with a shower .
witt istanbul ' s public spaces are limited to a cosy lobby bar , where guests can pick out a book or dvd , or use the apple imac to check their emails and surf the web .
the variety of bars and restaurants bring you the best of both local and international cuisine to enjoy .
all units feature a kitchenette equipped with a microwave and fridge . a stovetop and kettle are also available .
the property is 500 metres from bodrum castle and 600 metres from halikarnas club .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
you can have fun with activities like canoeing and horse riding at leisure .
delhi international airport is 14 km from the property .
additional features include free wi - fi access throughout and free private parking on site .
gray hotel features a night club and a bar .
thanks to your comfortable surroundings and the friendly service you ' re sure to feel right at home at casale le torri .
the classic marble bathrooms come with bath or shower and toiletries .
mont bouquet lodge & activity center offers a bar and bbq facilities .
each unit comes with a 46 - inch lcd tv , an ipod docking station and a coffee machine .
various local eateries and seafood dining options can be found close by .
featuring air conditioning , apartmani old town offers accommodation in trogir . park eks fanfogna is 200 metres away .
it offers spacious rooms equipped with air conditioning , free wi - fi throughout and a furnished terrace .
for business travellers ' convenience , meeting facilities are provided .
two large pools , 2 children ’ s pools and 2 tennis courts are featured .
a 24 - hour room service is available .
the en suite bathroom has shower facility , hairdryer and free toiletries .
each apartment at chacarita new is fitted with a fully - equipped kitchen , a wardrobe , air conditioning and a full bathroom .
all public areas have free wi - fi access .
situated in aliwal north , just 200 metres from the orange river , queens terrace features a tranquil back garden and bbq facilities .
transfers can be arranged at an extra charge .
guests can enjoy italian cuisine at the on - site restaurant and dine on a terrace during summer .
a flat - screen tv is offered .
the en suite bathroom comes with free toiletries .
private parking is available on site free of charge .
the property ' s restaurant has a comprehensive menu options ranging from pub classics , to seasonal specialties such as fresh crab , steaming mussels and snettisham park venison .
there is a cosy living room with a fireplace , sofa and a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
certain rooms feature a seating area for your convenience .
wifi is available for a small daily supplement .
staff at the tour desk provide information on local attractions and assist with car hire .
breakfast is prepared with fresh vegetables , some of which are grown in their own garden .
balconies which overlook the calm surroundings , cable flat - screen tvs , a minibar and a safe can be found in each room .
free wifi is featured throughout the property .
the mountain - view apartments feature parquet floors , and exposed wooden beams on the ceilings .
this country house is 6 km from marrakech - menara airport .
rooms feature a flat - screen tv and a private bathroom including a hairdryer .
simply furnished , the traditional rooms are fitted with korean interiors and a floor - heating system .
the famous tram 28 stop is 100 metres away from vila flor lisbon flats - chiado .
savignyplatz city rail station is a 5 - minute walk from artus apartments .
greyhound greyhound stadium and connacht rugby are 1 . 2 km away and galway racecourse is a 10 - minute drive away .
this mercure is located in the heart of the city of strasbourg , near the gare centrale station and the picturesque district of petite france .
athinios port is at 10 km .
free private parking is provided on site .
the national assembly , the kalemegdan fortress and the bohemian quarter skadarlija are all located within a walking distance .
within 300 metres you can reach the regional bus stop .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
apartment retro is a self - catering accommodation located in sarajevo . free wifi access is available throughout .
the units of vision apartments waffenplatzstrasse have a private entrance and wooden floors . they come with a private bathroom , a flat - screen cable tv and a kitchen or a kitchenette .
some rooms have a private balcony or views of avenue de l ’ opéra .
featuring tiled floors and blue hues , all studios at the fokies offer a kitchen with stove , fridge and dining area .
they have well - equipped kitchens and modern home entertainment systems with cable tv .
room service is available 24 / 7 .
a tv is provided .
a number of restaurants , bars and cafes can be found nearby .
just 2 minutes ’ walk from jurien bay beach , jurien bay tourist park features 2 bbq areas and a children ’ s playground .
due to the apartments central location guests can easily walk to bars , restaurants and cafés .
sea view studios & apartments are excellently located in agia anna , just opposite the resort ’ s famous long stretch of sandy beach .
guests can borrow bicycles or rent a car at the property .
rusapart at lenivka provide quick access to such moscow attractions , as the cathedral of christ the saviour , 5 minutes ’ walk away . it is 350 metres from the kremlin .
this 3 - bedroom apartment can accommodate 7 people and features a bedroom with a double bed , 2 bedrooms with 2 single beds and a sofa bed .
they are located in the quiet town of walkenried in the scenic harz region .
situated 300 metres from meixi shopping mall , it has 24 - hour reception and a tour desk .
* it is 10 minutes ’ walk from the pioneer river and 12 minutes ’ drive from mackay airport .
all of them have private bathrooms .
you can also spend relaxing in the garden .
each apartment at the posadas comes with a kitchen with fridge and microwave . all also have a living room and a bathroom with hairdryer .
free wifi is included .
located in the heart of the old town , this apartment is just a short walking distance away to the flea market dry bridge , freedom square and main streets .
it offers self - catering accommodation with air conditioning .
situated on ærø island , skråningen 8 holiday house is a 10 - minute drive from central ærøskøbing .
guests can enjoy their meals indoors or outdoors on the terrace .
every morning , traditional turkish breakfast is served with organic fruits and vegetables as well as homemade jams , village eggs , honey , butter and locally produced olives .
lake vrana nature park is only a few metres away .
all rooms are air conditioned and feature free wi - fi , a minibar and a satllite tv with dvd player and film library .
the property is located 700 metres from pelotas federal university and 500 metres from beneficiência portuguesa hospital .
offering rooms and suites with free wi - fi , augustos hotel is located in the shopping heart of thessaloniki . close to both business and cultural activities , it is 800 metres from aristotelous square .
offering a children ' s playground and ski - to - door access , casa per ferie europa is situated in dobbiaco , 500 metres from rienz chairlift . guests can enjoy the on - site bar .
taverns and restaurants are within a 5 - minute walk .
breakfast is continental style , and can be enjoyed on the garden terrace in fine weather .
snorkelling and diving can be done by the beach .
kato trikala korinthias is 43 km from villa in loutraki , while aegina town is 48 km away .
free bed linen is provided in every apartment .
the cog hill golf course is 7 miles from the hotel .
many rooms enjoy panoramic city views .
private bathrooms also come with a shower .
willa piano offers self - catering accommodation with free wi - fi throughout , about a 5 - minute walk from the popular krupówki street .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
there is also a vending machine , where you can buy snacks and drinks .
a breakfast is served each morning in the breakfast room . it includes a variety of fresh fruits , breads and cold meats , as well as a selection of hot and cold drinks .
you will find a kettle in the room .
a satellite tv is also featured .
it offers spacious , air - conditioned accommodation , an open - air terrace and a garden .
there is also an à la carte restaurant and a bar on site .
haus alpenheim is located in the village of umhausen in the ötz valley , 10 km from oetz and 20 km from sölden .
you can enjoy hungarian cuisine and a wide selection of wine from 70 wine regions at the restaurant .
located in central london , kilburn apartments offers a self - catering apartment with free wifi access throughout .
situated 1 km from eiffel tower in paris , this apartment features free wifi . guests benefit from terrace .
air conditioning , a flat - screen tv and a kitchenette can be found .
the three - bedroom accommodation will provide you with satellite tv including german channels , a terrace and a hot tub .
the nearest airport is john paul ii airport , 83 km from the property .
the property offers free parking .
the sakala resort bali is a 10 - minute drive from bali collection shopping centre , 30 - minute drive from ngurah rai international airport and a 40 - minute drive from trendy seminyak .
the en suite bathroom has a hairdryer .
there is a free on - site parking .
there are 2 pubs and a café within a 5 - minute walk of the property .
free toiletries are provided in the en suite bathroom .
the tyrrhenian sea and latina are reachable in less than 10 minutes by car .
it includes a variety of fresh fruits , breads and cold meats , as well as a selection of hot and cold drinks .
just 2 km from the kremlin and red square , these air - conditioned apartments offer free wi - fi , fully equipped kitchens and washing machines . moscow ’ s lively tverskaya street is 100 metres away .
rooms at beach haven resort provide a patio and a seating area .
free wifi is provided and free private parking is available on site .
a generous sweet and savoury breakfast is served daily with homemade cakes , eggs , and vegetables .
at a surcharge , guests have access a hot tub and a sauna .
the versace mansion , lummus park and a variety of recreational activities are only minutes away .
free private parking is available on site .
the nearest airport is honolulu airport , 12 km from the property .
guests can head to hotel han river ’ s 24 - hour front desk for assistance with laundry , airport shuttle and currency exchange services .
tarragona train station is 10 minutes ’ walk from the lauria .
desert home offers a 39 ° c hot tub in its garden and rooms with full cooking facilities .
the bright apartment features a tv and a fan .
the property is about 20 km from both the adriatic and the ionian coasts .
the bashundhara shopping mall is 500 metres and the bangladesh national parliament building is 1 km .
access to the arden leisure club is complimentary for all hotel residents throughout the duration of their stay .
there is a shared kitchen that can be used by guests and barbeque facilities are also provided .
you can make fresh tea or have a drink from the minibar .
green areca villa has a terrace with garden views and free wifi in hoi an .
phuket island is a 5 - minute boat ride away .
huaca pucllana ruins are located 1 block away from marqay friends hostel miraflores , while kennedy park is 8 blocks away .
cable tv is included in all town homes at villas at seven dwarfs lane resort . they have a fully - equipped kitchen , a seating area with a sofa , and laundry facilities .
private parking on the premises is for free .
just 2 . 4 km from portimão , it is 4 . 8 km from popular rocha beach . the portimão museum is 3 . 2km from the property , while the marina is within 4 . 8 km . faro international airport is located 66 km from the casa bela vista .
situated 200 metres from st . stephen ' s basilica in budapest , this air - conditioned apartment features a balcony with garden views .
copernicus science center is 3 . 1 km from suchodolska place , while legia warsaw stadium is 3 . 3 km away .
a free pick - up service from the train station is available on request .
begin the day with a hot breakfast buffet served each morning . it features hot coffee or tea along with fresh fruit and pastries .
guests can relax at a patio with seating area .
our lady of guadalupe cathedral is a 10 - minute walk away .
located in prague , 200 metres from old town square , 7 tales suites offers an original design inspired by a concept of czech fairy tales .
faro airport is 46 km away .
modern décor and large windows feature throughout the guestrooms at sunway hotel seberang jaya .
beaches are 2 km away from the capofaro resort .
the private bathroom comes with shower .
bed linen and towels are provided .
the vatican city is a 20 - minute walk away .
several local restaurants are available within 300 metres of the property , serving both traditional portuguese meals and tapas .
a transfer can also be requested in advance .
decorated with parquet floors , rooms at gregorio i hotel boutique are fiitted with air conditioning and heating .
later , retire to the soundproofed rooms and soak up the comfortable ambience .
each studio at apartamentos central city has 2 single beds and a tv .
guests will find an indoor swimming pool and a sauna .
they feature a spacious seating area with a sofa and a 32 '' flat - screen tv with cable channels .
restaurants , bars and shops are within a 3 - minute walk .
situated in a quiet location off the main road , central gateway motel cromwell features a shared terrace with views of lake dunstan and the surrounding mountains .
the ratschingserhof is about 5 km from vipiteno .
hearty cuisine is served in the on - site restaurant .
the living room has a dining area , sofas and a flat - screen tv with satellite channels and dvd player .
the segnas train station can be reached on foot in 5 minutes .
leningradsky , yaroslavsky and kazansky train stations are a 15 - minute drive from yaroslavskaya hotel .
the next train station is 6 km away .
the property offers free private parking in the building ' s garage .
all rooms include a lounge with sofa , a dvd player and a flat - screen tv . the kitchen is equipped with a microwave , an oven and a fridge .
each room at hotel giza is decorated in a classical style and has a kettle .
during summer , you can enjoy the sunset on the rooftop of neorion with a complimentary glass of wine .
come and stay in the individually designed rooms of the hotel hottmann .
located in orewa beach , silverdale b & b is 5 minutes ’ drive from orewa beach and 30 minutes ’ drive from auckland city centre .
there is a seating area , a dining area and a kitchen complete with an oven and a fridge .
grand bimasena is a 15 - minute walk to kuta beach and a 15 - minute drive from ngurah rai international airport .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer .
each unit features a private bathroom with a bath or shower and a hair dryer .
a self - service continental breakfast is provided to enjoy in the room .
the property is 1 . 7 km from the bus station with links to taormina and siracusa .
towels and bed linen are provided .
casola is 2 . 3 km from casa alpina p . pavoniani , while corno d ' aola is 2 . 3 km from the property .
the bathroom comes with a shower .
the property offers free parking on site .
a sweet breakfast is available on request , and guests have the opportunity to taste and buy the property ’ s cheese , salami , wine and oil .
browse the shops of edison mall ( 10 . 6 km ) or spend an afternoon at sun splash family waterpark ( 11 . 5 km ).
free wifi access is available .
each unit comes with a private bathroom with slippers .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including hiking , canoeing and fishing .
villa clube 72 is inserted in a private resort and there is mini - golf across the street .
extras include an outdoor seating area .
tan son nhat international airport is also 5 km away .
free private parking is possible on site .
the studio has air conditioning , a full kitchen with kitchenware and a coffee machine , and a bathroom with a shower , a hairdryer and a bidet .
the kitchen is well - equipped and includes a dishwasher .
free indoor parking is available on site .
hotel restaurant krone features a historic façade with traditional flower - boxes .
the pedestrian kirova street is a 10 - minute walk from the hostel .
there is a selection of cafés and restaurants 5 km away from the property .
centrally located in rome , richbaby is 300 metres from vittorio emanuele metro station .
an lcd tv , ipod docking station and cd player come as standard .
it is 17 km from the green areas of the ria formosa natural park .
a bus stopping 100 metres away takes you to the foro italico and olympic stadium in 25 minutes .
the tv lounge has a fireplace and cable access .
each room is fitted with a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
each apartment offers free wifi and either a balcony or terrace .
it features a bar , 24 / 7 front desk and free wi - fi .
you can also unwind at the pool or the cocktail bar and take a swim in the outdoor and indoor pools .
breakfast is available every morning at an extra charge and a variety of restaurants and bars can be found in the immediate area .
bicycle and car rentals are offered at the reception .
the hotel offers 41 rooms and has also a restaurant , offering a fresh and healthy cuisine , a sea view lounge and a summer terrace under pine trees .
the hotel is 120 metres from a bus stop , and 1 km from neuruppin west train station .
shops , bars and restaurants are located within a 3 - minute walk of the hotel .
old trafford stadium is a 15 - minute drive , and belle vue train station is just a mile away . stockport town centre is 10 minutes ' drive and the town of denton is half a mile away .
nearby is the famous château of vaux - le - vicomte , disneyland theme park and numerous activities including bowling , ice skating and go - karting .
each one is softly lit and decorated in warm colours .
there is a full kitchen with a stovetop and a microwave .
guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant .
all spacious guest rooms at this colorado hotel include refrigerators , microwaves , irons , ironing boards , hair dryers , coffee makers , premium cable channels and video game consoles .
supermarkets , bars and restaurants can be found just 50 metres away .
many cafés and restaurants are located within a walking distance .
furnished with dark wooden fittings , the air - conditioned units at layali al tahlia apartments include a private bathroom and a living room with a flat - screen satellite tv .
guests enjoy a games room complete with billiards , table tennis and a tv . other facilities offered include grocery deliveries , a laundry and a ski drying room .
a 24 - hour butler service is provided for guests ' convenience .
there is a seating area , a dining area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher , a fridge and a stovetop .
fitness facilities and the solarium invite you to unwind .
it offers simple rooms a large garden with a playground , a large swimming pool and a smaller children ' s swimming pool .
an independent villa with large swimming pool , a garden and furnished verandah , villa verde is only 100 metres from the beach and 5 minutes ’ drive from torre delle stelle in sardinia .
rho fiera exhibition centre and san siro football stadium are both a 10 - minute drive away
viareggio and the sea are about a 20 - minute drive away .
it provides free private parking .
this family - run hotel is situated in emsbüren , in the emsland region of lower saxony .
the nearest airport is naples international airport , 4 km from central station .
free private parking is available on site .
the two - bedroom apartment features a private bathroom satellite tv and a fully equipped kitchen .
breakfast is provided daily buffet style .
on site , altamira has a games room and barbeque facilities for outdoor dining in the garden .
free toiletries and a hairdryer are provided .
all rooms have a kettle , a tv with dvd player and free wifi .
guests benefit from balcony .
los angeles international airport is a 10 - minute drive away .
free private parking is available on site .
located just 100 metres from the scenic diveagar beach , cocohut resort features an indoor swimming pool and a 24 - hour front desk .
guests can enjoy an à la carte menu at the restaurant , or a quick meal at the snack bar .
gourmet meals can be delivered to your room .
panama city can be reached in 2 hours by car .
free coffee is provided in the lobby each morning .
cesenatico is a 25 - minute drive from the property , and the maurizio bufalini hospital is 2 . 5 km away .
a breakfast buffet with homemade goods is provided each morning in the warmly decorated restaurant .
the air - conditioned rooms feature tatami ( woven - straw ) floors and japanese futon bedding .
dining options include a buffet and à la carte restaurant .
tequisquiapan is 20 minutes ’ drive from villas mahando , and querétaro can be reached in a 40 - minute drive .
decorated with white and earthy tones , all air - conditioned units at peter ’ s villa include a seating room .
a grocery shop , a restaurant and a café are located within a range of 300 metres from stefanie appartement .
guests can prepare meals in the well - equipped kitchen .
the apartments are located in the historic centre of florence , around 500 metres from the cathedral .
the owners can help with arranging archaelogical tours , wine tours and boat trips .
falls of the ohio state park is less than 5 miles away .
the rooms at the property all feature a private bathroom with free toiletries and a terrace with garden views .
the großglockner mountain is 40 km away .
set in saline di volterra , albergo africa offers free wi - fi , a restaurant and classic - style rooms with air conditioning .
the rooms are colourful and decorated with paintings and wooden furnishings .
the shared tv lounge and bar offer access to the terrace .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out lawinenstein ( 200 metres ) and schneiderkogel ( 300 metres ).
a dining area is also provided .
isola panoramica is a self - catering accommodation located in sala comacina .
a wide selection of relaxation , beaty and rejuvenation facial and body treatments is available , as well as a variety of massages , including bali and thai massage .
the air - conditioned rooms have parquet floors and views of the shared garden and nearby berici hills .
guests can relax with leisure activities at the garden areas . other facilities include a fitness centre and a sauna .
vincent is a self - catering apartment that offers free wifi in all areas .
this beautiful resort offers 2 restaurants and a free shuttle service to the beach .
the classic - style apartment features a balcony , washing machine and flat - screen tv .
at il casaletto di laura tea / coffee ingredients are provided in the breakfast hall , where a sweet breakfast also featuring gluten - free produce is served .
hotel davinci can be found in the niederdorf quarter next to the limmat river and next to a famous night club in the centre of zurich , a 5 - minute walk from the main train station .
casatorre le volte is situated in a restricted traffic area , and lies 100 metres from the central piazza iv novembre .
as an alternative , a wide selection of restaurants and street food can be found near the property within 200 metres .
a fitness room is also available .
each classically - furnished room at domus nicosia guest house b & b will provide you with a flat - screen tv .
other facilities include a beauty parlour , a gym with cardiovascular equipment and a pilates studio .
a public transport stop is within a 1 - minute walk away , providing easy access to any point in the city .
free private parking is available on site .
injoy hotel ( nanbin branch ) is a 15 - minute car ride from chongqing railway station .
car rentals are available , and shuttle services can be arranged . other services include laundry and ironing services .
enjoy a cup of tea while looking out at the garden or city .
guests enjoy free breakfast every morning , with vegan options available upon request .
located in the krkonoše national park and 5 km from the centre of špindlerův mlýn , pension adolf is surrounded by meadows , forests , hills and mountains .
the volcanic landscape surrounding le grand hôtel is perfect for hiking .
you can practice in the fitness room or sample dishes from the gourmet - style restaurant .
for meals , there are a lot of eateries located within walking distance .
free wifi is offered and free private parking is available on site .
they also have access to a shared bathroom .
the camandoule offers soundproofed guestrooms with air conditioning , a tv and free wi - fi access .
guests can enjoy meals in the rustic dining room or on the terrace in nice weather .
the savannah spa offers a range of therapies in 3 treatment rooms .
you will also have access to a shared kitchen .
the hotel ’ s library offers a wide selection and the front desk is open 24 - hours a day .
they include a tea / coffee maker and ironing facilities .
it provides spacious rooms with a seating area and free wi - fi throughout .
it offers free wi - fi access throughout and an outdoor pool .
the in - house restaurant serves delicious sardinian cuisine and classic mediterranean recipes .
the skenderbeg square , the main square of priština , is 800 metres from hotel real .
each room has basic self - catering facilities such as a mini - fridge , microwave and small dining area .
come to aqua suites and enjoy memorable nights and days .
guests have the possibility to park their car in a garage upon request .
the 24 - hour front desk can help with luggage storage and currency exchange .
fitted with parquet flooring and wooden furnishings , air - conditioned rooms feature a personal safe , a flat - screen cable tv , minibar and seating area .
centrally located on the nevsky prospekt in the heart of historical saint petersburg , piterstay apart hotel offers bright , modern apartments and free wifi .
the salem inn places guests within walking distance to a variety of local attractions , including the site of the infamous salem witch trials .
minsk national airport is 31 km from na karla marksa 25 apartment .
views of the sea , pool or garden are featured in certain rooms .
it features an outdoor swimming pool with a sun terrace , set within gardens .
located on santa rosa beach on the shores of the gulf of mexico , this beachfront resort features an outdoor pool and tennis courts .
other property facilities include a 24 - hour front desk , an airport shuttle , ironing services , and laundry services .
you can park your car for free on site or make use of the garage , which is only a 3 - minute walk away .
all rooms have cable tv and free wifi .
offering modern indian - style rooms , lemon tree hotel electronics city , bengaluru provides comfortable accommodation with access to an outdoor pool and gym .
the shuttle bus to zagreb airport departs from the main bus station every 30 minutes .
featuring free wifi , apartamenty fresco plus offers pet - friendly accommodation in central łódź , less than 100 metres from łódź philharmonic and 350 metres from piotrkowska street .
this 2 - bedroom apartment will provide you with a flat - screen tv , air conditioning and a hot tub .
the nearby beach is equipped with free parasols and deck chairs .
after dinner , guests can enjoy a drink in the lobby bar .
gelendzhik airport is 22 km from the property .
featuring a shower , the private bathrooms also come with bathrobes .
the warth ski school , run by olympic skiing champion hubert strolz , is directly next to the lechtalerhof .
it offers bright accommodation with a garden and free wifi access .
the rooms at pension ttt are simply furnished and include an lcd cable tv .
formia - gaeta train station is a 7 - minute walk away .
the north part of gradina camping and its long sandy beach is 300 metres away .
lots of water sports facilities are available on the beach .
zé luís has a spacious seating area with lounges , where guests can enjoy a game of billiards and outdoors , there is a children ’ s playground .
guests can enjoy a meal at the on - site restaurant serving indian , chinese and continental fare .
new mirah hotel is approsimately 1 . 6 km from pasar baru and is 20 km away from soekarno - hatta international airport .
the bathroom has a hairdryer .
a flat - screen tv and period furniture feature in the individually decorated rooms .
free wi - fi and an ipod docking station is provided at the fishermen ' s oasis .
beechworth is 33 km from warrina motor inn , while rutherglen is 39 km away .
amenities include free toiletries and a hairdryer .
diagonal mar park and barcelona ’ s marinas can be reached in 20 minutes by foot .
valencia airport is 8 km away .
rabac is 42 km from apartments azur , while baška is 26 km away .
the bedroom has a double bed and is fitted with a wardrobe . the bathroom has a shower .
bright and airy rooms in villa mandala have garden views and are air - conditioned with marbled flooring . they are fitted with a tv , safety deposit box , wardrobe and desk with seating area .
krasnaya polyana is 41 km from apartments na poltavskoy , while lazarevskoye is 42 km from the property .
free private parking is available on site .
guests can enjoy a drink at the bar .
the nearest bust station is just 1 km away from the villa .
other facilities at apartamento rocamarina ii include a seasonal outdoor pool .
the air - conditioned apartments are fully equipped and feature a modern - style décor .
they feature a balcony or patio and , depending on the floor they are situated on , offer views of the pool area and courtyard , or the caribbean sea .
a mini - fridge and microwave are also provided .
this 3 - bedroom house comes with a fully equipped kitchen , a living / dining area , tv , and a fireplace .
the marmara serves buffet breakfast in its main restaurant .
bachgasslhof apartments & ferienwohnungen offers you spacious apartments 2 km from the centre of leoben and the leoben - west exit of the s6 highway .
ski equipment can be rented on site .
ho chi minh train station is a 25 - minute drive away , while tan son nhat international airport is accessible with a 40 - minute drive .
situated a 5 - minute drive from padang padang beach , ashana hotel boasts an outdoor swimming pool and free wifi access throughout .
some also include a minibar and are air - conditioned .
a daily maid service is offered .
guests can opt between views of the sea , partial ones or views of the city .
right next to golem beach and a 5 - minute walk from town centre , hotel miraxhi 2 features free wi - fi , free parking , air - conditioned rooms and a restaurant with terrace .
bao ’ an international airport is a 30 - minute car journey away .
there is a shared lounge at the property .
the unit is 1 . 1 km from king ' s house on schachen .
each comes with an lcd tv , minibar and a seating area .
shared and private bathrooms come with a shower .
you can drive to central arrecife and lanzarote airport in around 30 minutes .
the grächen bus stop is 250 metres away .
a daily buffet breakfast and à la carte lunch are available in the mahekal ’ s aventura restaurant .
just across the beach of larnaca city , mackenzie ' s beachfront apartment offers self - catering accommodation with unobstructed views of the mediterranean sea .
this award - winning countryside property is just 20 minutes ’ drive from stratford - upon - avon .
a refrigerator and coffee machine are also featured .
the apartment will provide you with a tv with satellite channels and a balcony .
spanish style heaven b & b features free wifi throughout the property .
the family hotel studios anny invites you to the traditional and cosmopolitical island of thassos .
the famous spa town of bad elster is a 10 - minute drive from hotel alpenhof .
beijing pagoda light international youth hostel has tidy dormitories and private guest rooms .
lakmali ' s house features free wifi throughout the property .
staff at the nevsky can help plan visits to st . petersburg ' s nearby attractions , including the mariinsky theatre and the philharmonic concert hall .
all rooms at the pension hühn include an en suite bathroom and a seating area with flat - screen satellite tv .
set on avinguda parallel , hcc lugano is 500 metres from plaza españa ’ s fira exhibition centre , and the nearby metro and railway stations .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling and hiking .
free private parking is available on site .
ngurah rai international airport is 27 km from the property .
stone bridge is 300 metres away .
palanga sculpture park is 500 metres from algis , while palanga concert hall is 500 metres away .
happy garden restaurant serves a selection of chinese cuisine .
featuring free wifi and a buffet restaurant , guangyong lido hotel offers accommodation in guangzhou , a 3 - minute walk from beijing road subway station . free wifi is available in all rooms .
it includes a pool bar and a restaurant , and offers free wifi in public areas .
the first floor has a spacious seating area and a bedroom with a box - spring bed .
featuring a large garden with swimming pool , villa le balze offers self - catering apartments in reggello .
free public parking is possible nearby .
the nearest airport is goa international airport , 60 km from radhabai guest house .
hotel oceano also boasts its own restaurant , specializing in seafood and international cuisine .
free wi - fi access is available .
guests can enjoy a refreshing dip in the private swimming pool , or soak up the sun on the terrace overlooking the sea .
here , guests can have their meals in warm months .
grand bleu ocean view pool suite is 4 km away from jungceylon department store .
wi - fi is available free of charge and massages can be arranged upon request .
malmö airport is 30 km away from the hotel , while copenhagen airport is 24 km away .
bridge over nam ou river is less than a 5 - minute ride from ban lao sunset bungalow , while pha tok cave is a 15 - minute ride away .
with city views , air - conditioned studios here feature a cable tv , sofa and a kitchenette with a stove , minibar and microwave .
the rooms at the vultureasa come with a private bathroom with a shower , cable tv and a balcony with a view of the garden .
they are bright and simply decorated in peaceful colours with wooden furniture .
guests can use the hotel ’ s barbecue facilities and enjoy meals on the terrace .
the halcyon villas offers free parking , and is a 15 - minute drive from ngurah rai international airport .
some rooms include a balcony .
the goldenes rad restaurant is listed in the 2010 gault millau guide . regional specialities , fish , and fine wines can be enjoyed here .
featuring a shower , bathrooms also come with a bath .
brest central train station is 2 . 5 km from the property .
it provides free bike rental and excellent bus links .
an oven , a microwave and a fridge can be found in the kitchen .
some rooms have a bath .
studios at the cava li santi residence are air conditioned , and each has a flat - screen tv and a kitchenette .
wifi is free in the entire hotel .
the restaurant serves traditional neapolitan and national cuisine , cooked in a firewood oven .
located in the central gòtic district of barcelona , habitat apartments banys offers free wi - fi just 250 metres from barcelona ’ s la rambla and a 20 - minute walk to la barceloneta beach .
guests can work out at the fitness centre or surf the internet in the business centre .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with free toiletries .
the property is set 200 metres from the historical mansion cindro house .
zermatt pension also includes a terrace .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including skiing , cycling and hiking .
all self - catering apartments feature a kitchenette .
parking is free at the property .
unwind in the comfortable surroundings of the lounge bar before heading to the carvery or grill for dinner .
the nearest airport is beijing nanyuan airport , 14 km from hanting hotel beijing wangfujing .
ms . gene ’ s place , the victorian - styled restaurant and lounge , is on site and serves alaskan inspired seafood specials .
the property also has a garden , terrace , barbecue facilities , a ski storage room and ski boot drying facilities .
set few steps from the beach in cefalù , casa cocuzzola is a holiday home with a garden . the property is 7 km from the cathedral of cefalù .
offering garden views , the 8 rustic rooms at mas torrencito have exposed stone walls , beamed ceilings and country - style décor .
hotel stefania enjoys a central location in costineşti , only 400 metres from the sandy beach by the black sea shore and offers a restaurant , rooms with a small refrigerator and free wifi in public areas .
the hotel has a hillside location overlooking cypresses and olive groves , and the ancient city of volterra in the distance .
parking here is free .
bathroom and toilet are shared with other guests .
free wi - fi access is available .
la casita offers a private bathroom with a shower , with slippers , free toiletries and a hair dryer provided .
set in the heart of rome , la gioconda features contemporary - style accommodation with free wi - fi access . guests have access to the communal terrace fitted with tables , chairs and parasols .
a flat - screen cable tv is featured in the air - conditioned apartment .
this guest house offers free parking and rooms with fridge .
a flat - screen tv is provided . the private bathroom is fitted with a shower .
laundry facilities are shared .
simferopol train station is 52 . 4 km away , and simferopol international airport is 50 . 3 km from morskoy da vasko hotel .
located in cavtat , apartment fiumara offers self - catering accommodation with free wifi access . the property is 2 . 3 km from cavtat promenade and 3 km from cavtat old town .
the suite in apartman hotel slamena buda comes with a seating area on the ground floor and a bedroom upstairs .
centrally located in da nang city , thanh tien hotel operates a 24 - hour front desk and offers comfortable rooms with minibar facility .
from its terrace you can enjoy a wonderful view towards the town of benidorm .
many units also have a balcony , and a breakfast buffet is on offer each morning .
located in ilhabela , villa villagio di mare offers an outdoor pool .
nice côte d ' azur airport is 17 km away .
air - conditioned rooms feature a simple interior with a desk and an lcd tv that also serves as the pc monitor , for guests to watch movies , play games or work .
overlooking the kajaani river , 10 minutes ’ walk from kajaani station , this hotel provides free wifi and sauna access .
free wifi is provided throughout the property .
los cristianos is 3 . 5 km from elegant palm mar apartment , while adeje is 12 km from the property .
guests can relax in les suites du lac ' s gardens and on the terrace furnished with deck chairs .
each brightly decorated apartment has a living room with a satellite tv . an oven and a kettle are in the kitchen , and all come with a private bathroom .
this marysville hotel features acienda spanish - style architecture and décor .
guests can use an on - site vending machine to buy snacks , have a breakfast in the hotel or dine in the local cafes that are within a 10 - minute walk of the property .
every air - conditioned unit at this guest house comes with a balcony and has a flat - screen tv .
just 300 metres to the ayder hot springs , memisoglu konak hotel is 80 km to rize city centre .
qobroni features free wifi .
surrounded by many bars , restaurants and shops , dflat escultor madrid apartments is within walking distance of important museums and buildings .
the kitchen is equipped with an oven , microwave and dishwasher .
for a snack , visit the pavillion pantry market , which offers beverages and ready - to - cook meal options .
zadar is 25 km away .
a small gym with floor - to - ceiling mirrors is available at the weston holiday inn express hotel & suites .
several restaurants and bars can be found within the immediate surroundings .
guests enjoy free wi - fi and free use of a shared sauna and gym .
each includes a tea / coffee maker and a private bathroom .
bbq facilities are available .
free first - time dental examination , consultation , treatment plan and cost plan is provided .
guests can use the free tea / coffee facilities in the dom versal hotel ’ s shared kitchen .
places to eat are located within 2 km radius .
located above a row of shophouses , chin hua holiday home 5 is located in the historical state of melaka .
the property offers free parking .
some have a balcony .
there is a seating area and a kitchen complete with an oven , a microwave and a toaster .
the restaurant serves traditional tyrolean cuisine .
popular jigokudani snow monkey park is a 45 - minute drive away .
offering an outdoor pool , barbecue and children ' s playground , liesak resort and spa is located in debre zeyit . the resort has a spa centre and water sports facilities , and guests can enjoy a drink at the bar .
some units include a seating area to relax in after a busy day .
anchorage city centre and dena ’ ina civic and convention center are within 4 miles of the puffin inn .
a fitness centre , a business centre and a guest launderette are available on site .
the guest house also offers car hire .
guests can find a variety of restaurants and bars within 200 meters , and the multicentro aliadas shopping mall is just a - minute walk away .
as of summer 2013 , the silvretta all inclusive card will be included in all rates during summer season .
holiday home kjøddtynjan nexø denm is located in snogebæk .
a bar is also available at ground floor .
on request , a gluten and lactose free breakfast can be prepared .
there is a summer terrace for warm weather .
with pleasant , rustic - style interiors , it features a tropical garden , a tv room with dvd and a full kitchen .
cervia train station is 5 km away , while cesenatico can be reached by car in 25 minutes .
each room here will provide you with a satellite flat - screen tv and air conditioning .
for younger guests , there is a playground and a pool section with slides .
sandanski is located in south - western bulgaria , close to the greek border .
a flat - screen tv is provided .
nearby attractions include lower düden falls in lara district and the ancient hadrian ’ s gate in the city centre .
there is a full kitchenette with an oven and a refrigerator .
mijas beach is just 300 metres from the property .
all rooms include a private bathroom fitted with a bath .
some rooms offer views of the castle .
heroes ' square is 1 . 7 km from yellow roses apartments .
services like babysitting and dry cleaning are available in this property .
moskovsky train station is within a 10 - minute drive of art apartment , and a shuttle to pulkovo international airport ( 23 . 5 km ) is provided at surcharge .
guest of guesthouse pm can make use of luggage storage , a tour desk and laundry service .
stepping into the alcove library hotel , guests are greeted by an impressive library design with an extensive book collection .
it is a 10 - minute drive to hamilton zoo and 20 - minute drive to hamilton airport .
family apartment is a self - catering accommodation located in paris , just 150 metres from the parc de la villette .
the accommodation provides guests with a tv , air conditioning and a seating area .
featuring free wifi throughout the property , jiating chain youth hostel shijiazhuan yinshi offers accommodation in shijiazhuang . shijiazhuang railway station is only 800 metres away .
the relais has been completely refurbished using original materials .
guests will enjoy a provençal welcome package upon arrival .
guests are welcome to relax in the sauna or on the sunbathing lawn , where there is also a children ’ s playground .
you can engage in various activities , such as cycling , fishing and hiking .
all bathrooms come with floor heating , as well as a bath or shower , and some rooms provide access to wheelchair users .
the mercure liverpool atlantic tower hotel overlooks the dock front , with views of the river mersey .
the private bathroom comes with bathrobe , free toiletries and a hairdryer .
the black sea shore is 1 . 5 km from the property .
the property is 400 metre from hua hin market village and 1 . 7 km from hua hin railway station .
this simply furnished apartment features a seating area , tumble dryer and kitchenette .
the lincoln home national historic site is 14 minutes ’ walk from this hotel .
at villa pitanga you will find a garden .
tennis courts and atp stadium are 8 km away .
relax on your double bed and read a newspaper .
at hotel kent studyo you will find a 24 - hour front desk , providing daily maid service .
a variety of restaurants , grocery shops , cafeterias and bars are available .
a railway station is 3 . 5 km away .
asia garden hotel is located in ningbo , 1 km from the shopping outlets at tianyi square .
breakfast and free wifi are provided .
guests can enjoy a relaxing body massage , or have a barbecue on the beach .
offered are three bedrooms with a double bed , a bedroom with a double bed and a twin bed and another bedroom with a twin bed .
please note that reservation is not possible .
l ’ espérance airport is 10 km from the property .
at restaurant rooms pino you will find a children ' s playground , meeting rooms and a large garden .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
there is a seating area , a dining area and a kitchen equipped with a dishwasher .
hotel amico is 50 metres from the sea and the pine wood in pinarella di cervia .
bad münster am stein train station is 1 . 5 km from the accommodation .
each one has views of the swimming pool , sea , or mountains .
factory outlets and calico ghost town are both 10 minutes ’ drive from the barstow route 66 hotel .
the private bathroom is fitted with a shower and a hairdryer .
located in san miguel de allende , condominios el caracol offers an outdoor pool and a spa and wellness centre . this self - catering accommodation features free wifi and a view of the city .
spacious apartments feature a fully equipped kitchen with stainless steel appliances and granite countertops .
some bathrooms offer a bathtub and separate shower facilities .
skiathos airport is located 1 . 5 km from the property .
for your comfort , you will find free toiletries and a hair dryer .
the rooms all have a flat - screen tv , a private bathroom , bathrobes , slippers and free toiletries .
meeting facilities are available upon request .
suites are on 2 levels and include a private steam bath , hot tub and small fitness centre .
just a 15 - minute drive from the city centre , santiago magic offers accommodations with free wifi access in santiago .
buffet breakfast is served every morning .
baimai kitchen and april room both serve a selection of thai and western dishes .
the appellhofplatz underground station is a 1 - minute walk away from the arde cologne . it connects you to the main train station in just 2 minutes .
situated in sestri levante , this apartment features a barbecue . the property boasts views of the city is 40 km from genoa .
the belgian painters brueghel and magritte are the inspiration for the bedroom décor at homiris apartments .
all rooms at hotel chata are functionally furnished and have a seating area . private bathrooms are fitted with a shower or a bath tub .
you can ask reception for a discounted rate to access the well - known thermal baths of antica querciolaia 6 . 5 km from the property .
set just 800 metres from the slopes at the valberg ski resort , le valliope offers self - catering apartments with panoramic mountain views .
the hotel offers an indoor pool , hot tub and mountain views .
the fitness king gym 800 metres from the hotel is available for guests to use free of charge .
kuta square is 800 metres from hotel sanjaya managed by tinggal , while kuta art market is 1 km away .
minsk national airport is 38 km from the property .
the hostel offers rooms and dormitories with access to the shared bathrooms .
bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for snorkelling . a range of activities are offered in the area , such as cycling and hiking .
a variety of restaurants and shops lies within walking distance from the property .
the neighbourhood offers several restaurants and tulum can be reached in a 15 - minute drive .
offering a sauna and fitness centre , chengdu hoking hotel is located in the qingyang district in chengdu , 2 . 9 km from du fu thatched cottage .
featuring a shower , the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and bidet .
panama hat hostel features free wifi throughout the property .
aphrodite hills golf & spa resort residences features deluxe apartments and villas with panoramic views of the golf course or mediterranean sea .
there is free internet access in the restaurant and bar , as well as the lobby , where guests can use several computer stations .
free toiletries can be found in the bathroom .
an extensive breakfast buffet offers a choice of american , argentinean or patagonian food .
there is also a wide continental selection .
guests can borrow a book from the on - site lending library , or use the business centre located in the lobby .
the kitchen has a microwave and a fridge . a flat - screen tv is offered .
the spacious , open - plan living - dining area has a flat - screen tv , and the kitchen comes with an oven , ceramic hob and coffee maker .
the apartment is 4 . 4 km from playa de la victoria .
meals are served in the on - site restaurant .
viwaldi hotel offers rooms and apartments decorated in warm colours .
rooms feature satellite tv and private bathrooms .
in the winter it is served in the dining room and in the summer in the terrace , equipped with tables and chairs .
guest rooms at the riad vert are stylishly decorated with traditional moroccan furnishings .
city inn zhanjiang chikan li jiao qiao is located in zhanjiang , about a 10 - minute drive from jianhaiwan beach .
a private bathroom includes bathrobes and free toiletries .
the apartmány elisabeth offers rooms with shared bathroom and satellite tv in the train station building of železná ruda - alžbětín .
the popular playa san carlos beach is a 15 - minute drive from the property , while the city ’ s scenic water - front boulevard is a 5 - minute walk away . general jose m . yanez airport is a short 10 - minute drive from santa rita .
jacque vacation home has a concierge desk that can assist guests with requests during their stay .
laguardia airport is 10 km away .
the hospedería de cuenca has a lunch and dinner service available upon request .
all rooms include a private bathroom , and most have a tv .
there is room service at the property .
the modern 2 - bedroom accommodation will provide guests with a flat - screen tv , air conditioning and a seating area .
hot drinks , cocktails and snacks are available during the day in the indoor bar .
the private bathrooms come with free toiletries and towels .
parking is free .
upon arrival guests are offered a welcome basket with typical italian products .
guests will find a terrace . an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including diving and snorkelling .
enjoying a quiet location in leogang , a 10 - minute walk from the centre of leogang , the landhaus christophorus is only 30 metres away from the ski bus stop .
you can enjoy a mountain view from the room .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including golfing .
they come with a seating area with a sofa and a tv . the kitchenette includes a microwave , coffee machine and dining area .
a free shuttle to / from peschiera station is provided .
the village inn leavenworth ’ s wine bar offers flights and wine pairing experiences .
towels and bed linen are provided at apartment michele .
some of the rooms also offer views of the patio .
some rooms include lcd tv .
in addition , if guests want to have a taste of the local cuisine , there are several restaurants within 200 metres .
set in a 250 . 000 m2 resort with a 1 - km private beach , an extensive spa centre and an outdoor pool with an aqua park , sungate deluxe villas is located within rixos sungate , in beldibi .
a golf course can be found in 5 km away .
nea anchialos airport is at a distance of 85 km .
there is also a kitchenette , fitted with a microwave , toaster and refrigerator . a stovetop and kettle are also featured .
en suite bathrooms include free toiletries , hairdryers and shower facilities .
each guest room at the seattle north days inn offers cable tv with hbo and free local telephone calls .
united nations headquarters is 3 . 7 km from ministay , while museum of modern art is 4 . 2 km from the property .
the front desk operates round - the - clock .
situated in hua hin , baan klang condo hua hin boasts two outdoor swimming pools and a comfortable apartment .
the waterfront high rise deluxe features a fully - equipped kitchen complete with an oven , stove and dishwasher .
the equipped kitchen provides a stove , a refrigerator and a microwave .
there is a dining area and a kitchen equipped with dishwasher .
each chalet , holiday home or tent is fitted with kitchenware , a refrigerator and outdoor furniture . there is a coffee maker .
a stop is a free ski bus is a 3 - minute walk from the schröckerhof .
featuring wooden floors and contemporary furnishings , rooms feature a flat - screen tv with cable channels , a minibar and an electric kettle .
grocery store is 1 - minute walk from the apartment .
an indoor swimming pool and sauna are available .
freedom square is 3 . 4 km from apartment on chikovani , while heroes square is 800 metres from the property .
there is a large dining room and a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
hawthorn suites dfw airport north is less than 16 miles from six flags over texas and less than 19 miles from cowboys stadium .
each room at this guest house is air conditioned and features a flat - screen tv .
les chalets d ' adelphine ii are decorated in a contemporary style .
apartamentos miriam are situated within a 10 - minute walk of puerto rico ’ s sheltered beach and harbour .
free wifi is available throughout the property .
belo horizonte international airport is 32 km away .
the royal standard guest house is a family - run bed and breakfast that offers comfortable surroundings in the heart of virginia water , close to country pubs , restaurants and shops .
the viana do castelo centre is 6 . 5 km away , while rodanho beach is 2 . 8 km away .
delfoi is 49 km from kavos villa , while lamía is 36 km away .
the well - equipped kitchen comes with a stove , microwave oven and barbecue facilities .
activities in the surrounding area include skiing , cycling and hiking .
the apartment will provide you with air conditioning and a living room with a tv . there is a full kitchen with a refrigerator and kitchenware . featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer .
the private bathroom has free toiletries and a hairdryer .
the bathroom is supplied with a hairdryer and towels .
after a day of exploring , guests can unwind in rt ' s bar offers cocktails , specially sourced champagne and unique whiskies .
a separate seating area with comfortable sofas is also provided .
around - the - clock front desk service is available and the staff assists with car rentals .
all have cable tv , free wi - fi , and full kitchens .
every room at this guest house is air conditioned and is equipped with a tv . rooms have a private bathroom .
situated right in the middle of the southern shore of lake balaton in balatonszemes , the szinbád wellness hotel can be found on a peaceful and quiet spot surrounded by trees .
activities in the surrounding area include skiing and hiking .
the property is about 100 metres from a ski bus stop servicing the ortisei and santa cristina ski slopes .
the siviez bus stop is 50 metres away .
accommodation comes with a flat - screen tv and work desk .
they all offer a balcony with garden , pool or sea views .
set 6 km from saturnia thermal baths , l ' orologio e la lanterna apartment offers pet - friendly accommodation in montemerano . the property features views of the city and is 5 km from cascate del mulino thermal springs .
the bathroom includes a shower and washing machine .
brightly lit , air - conditioned rooms in harlys residence come equipped with a flat - screen cable tv , desk and a wardrobe .
located in the palm jumeirah , the holidays shop - palm jumeirah villa d119 offers a fully furnished accommodation . it features a private beach , free wi - fi in all areas and an outdoor pool .
breakfast is offered every morning and the restaurant serves a la carte meals as well as table d ' hote ones .
zadar airport is 6 km away .
the rustic - style hostel features exposed - stone walls and offers rooms with wooden floors , including dormitory rooms for groups .
san antonio homegate studio & suites is 13 . 2 miles from the alamo . the hotel is 11 . 6 miles from the river walk .
set in the centre of beauvoir , this residence lagrange provides fully equipped apartments just 5 km from the mont saint - michel in upper normandy .
the apartment features parquet floors and a minimalist décor . it is composed of a separate bedroom , a living room , a bathroom , and a fully equipped kitchen .
set in yaremcha , 18 km from bukovel , chalet karpaty features a barbecue and sauna .
located near the gower peninsula , llwyn hall is 10 minutes ’ drive from machynys peninsula golf club .
fitted with tile flooring , there is a double bedroom and a bathroom with a bath and a shower .
free linen is provided in all rooms . toilet and bathroom facilities are shared .
this guesthouse is 29 km from zumbi dos palmares airport .
a 10 - minute drive from antasari business district , harion hostel syariah houses a 24 - hour restaurant .
airport transfer and shuttle services to surrounding areas area available with additional charges .
the property offers free parking on the plot for three cars .
all rooms are non - smoking .
other facilities offered include a tour desk , dry cleaning and a laundry .
some of the properties have a washing machine , air conditioning and a flat - screen tv .
the en suite bathroom comes with free toiletries and a hairdryer .
it offers a terrace with sea views , guestrooms with a balcony and free wifi throughout the premises .
head to the water front , follow scenic walking and jogging tracks opposite in mount richmond domain or have fun in the game room .
rooms at regency way are comfortably furnished . all of them feature air conditioning , heating and a flat - screen cable tv . they also have a full bathroom , complete with a hairdryer , and a minibar .
at yamal hotel you will find a snack bar and breakfast is served daily .
a garden and free bikes are provided .
free private parking is available on site .
hotel is within walking distance from shopping centre .
free wi - fi access and a free continental breakfast are provided .
there is a seating and / or dining area in some units .
the air - conditioned unit is equipped with a kitchenette . there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower .
the en suite bathroom comes with toiletries and a hairdryer .
free private parking is available on site .
set in zambujeira do mar , 900 metres from sudoeste tmn , monte soalheiro boasts an outdoor pool and views of the canal .
the property offers free parking .
bed linen is provided , and towels can be hired for a surcharge .
smx convention center is 1 . 5 km from airport backpacker ' s inn , while sm mall of asia is 1 . 6 km away .
amenities like a microwave and ceiling fan are included in every room .
angels hotel is a quaint family - owned bed and breakfast located in san josé , a short walk from the city centre .
a tv , fridge and private bathroom are standard .
the nearest airport is adler - sochi international airport , 70 km from guest house nataly .
private bathrooms include a hairdryer .
towels and bed linen are available at apartment teuta .
74 crescenzio house is located 350 metres from vatican city in roma , and offers classic - style accommodation with a flat - screen tv . free wi - fi access is available .
a refrigerator , microwave and coffee facilities are available in the rooms at the ramada kittery .
it takes 15 minutes by car from the ferry port to xiamen railway station and wucun coach station .
this mansion is situated in the south - west of drenthe , only 10 minutes away from meppel by car .
the bungalove - koh tao offers stunning sea views over saree beach , as well as 2 spacious terraces .
representing a different european city , each air - conditioned room has differently coloured walls while select rooms have a terrace or balcony .
guests have access to a shared bathroom and shared toilet .
the canacona railway station and the canacona bus station are 2 km . this resort is 60 km from goa international airport .
guest rooms at the hotel pont royal are air - conditioned .
duni is within 8 km , and primorsko is at a distance of 20 km .
the apartment is 700 metres from ottaviano metro station .
featuring modern finishes and classic - style décor , the apartment comes with 1 twin room and 1 bathroom with free toiletries and hairdryer .
barbecue equipment is available upon request at the apartments , as is table tennis equipment .
the spa area features an indoor and an outdoor pool , saunas , and a fitness centre , and on request and at a surcharge , massages and beauty treatments are available .
the kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher , oven , washing machine and microwave .
air - conditioned rooms at palm house kep feature traditional khmer - style décor .
the menu includes fresh fruits and juices , plus regional homemade specialities .
located on the edge of llanes , this traditional - style hotel is only 5 minutes from the sea and is also within driving distance of the picos de europa mountains .
located in charmes - sur - rhône , la vieille auberge offers a restaurant , a terrace , free newspapers and free daily maid service .
the sweet living schwedenplatz apartment includes a bedroom , a living room with a flat - screen cable tv , a kitchenette with a dining area , and a bathroom with a hairdryer .
free wifi access is available in all areas .
the rooms are also equipped with a work desk and coffee maker .
guests can also enjoy gym equipment , a children ’ s playground , and darts .
hiking maps are provided .
it features a garden , a bar , and air - conditioned rooms with a flat - screen tv .
the crown inn is dog friendly and well - behaved dogs are welcome in the rooms and throughout the pub , apart from in the restaurant .
private dining is possible with room service .
there is a fantastic terrace at the front and rear of the building and a lovely beer garden to the side .
located in induruwa , this villa is 29 km from hikkaduwa .
cluj - napoca international airport is 80 km away .
varna is a 50 - minute drive away , and free parking is available close to the hotel .
restaurants , bars and grocery shops are located within a 5 - minute walk from the studio .
located in omsk , 5 km from the city centre , apartments on industrialnaya features self - catering accommodation with fully equipped kitchens and free wi - fi access .
the ferry port of thasos island is 45 km from astris sun hotel .
side town centre is 2 km away . antalya airport can be found 60 km from the hotel .
some rooms feature a seating area to relax in after a busy day .
at pilot whale chalets you will find a garden .
activities in the local area include swimming , water sports and shopping .
the refined restaurant specialises in delicious , local food .
various restaurants can be found within a 300 - metre radius , as well as bars , which are mostly located in the vibrant laza telečki street .
hotel belvedere is set on the seafront , next to the pedestrian area in bellaria igea marina .
city center of cabourg is in 400 m from the property .
the house comprises 4 bedrooms , a fully equipped kitchen with a dining area and 2 bathrooms with shower .
salgado filho airport is within 76 km .
each spacious apartment has a full kitchen and a large private balcony .
there are also state - of - the - art conference and banqueting facilities for up to 200 people .
the private bathroom includes free toiletries .
it features a garden and a terrace with panoramic sea views .
the flamenco tour desk sells tickets activities in the town and guests have free entry to skau disco .
some come with a balcony and all have views of the shared garden .
offering a one - bedroom apartment on the 28th floor , the property features a fitness centre and pool .
the tyrolean - style rooms are fitted with light - wood furnishings and parquet floors .
a shuttle service is available to bryansk central station ( 15 minutes ) and bryansk international airport .
you can arrange for a massage at an additional charge , and the lobby ’ s free - use internet terminals have a printer .
sofyan inn tebet is located a 15 - minute drive from tebet highway gate and the central business district of gatot subrato .
at villa amore mio beach you will find a shared lounge , a ticket service and a tour desk .
free parking and a complimentary breakfast buffet await you at this family - friendly hostel in berlin ' s steglitz district .
the pool and terrace benefit from nice views over the auvezere valley .
all rooms are fitted with a flat - screen tv with satellite channels , blu - ray player and dvd player .
the riga international airport is within 13 km .
breakfast is provided each morning , and can even be brought to your room on request .
free private parking is available on site .
they are also furnished with light wood furniture and a seating area and work desk .
some rooms have balconies with city views .
each apartment awaits guests with a flat - screen cable tv , a living area with a sofa bed , a kitchen or a kitchenette with a dishwasher and a fridge , and a bathroom with a bathtub .
situated in sangeorz - bai , hotel hebe offers free public wifi , a 24 - hour front desk , a restaurant with a bar and a wellness area , accessible for a surcharge .
guest rooms at doonshean view have en suite showers , a freeview flat - screen tv , hairdryer , alarm clock and tea and coffee facilities .
the natters swimming lake is 5 km away .
an airport shuttle service is available on request .
surat thani airport is located 55 km away .
a seating area and a tv are featured in all rooms at kartanohotelli saari . each has a fridge and tea and coffee making facilities .
located in genoa ’ s business district , hotel boccascena offers free parking , air - conditioned rooms and free wi - fi throughout .
split airport is 40 km from the property .
massage services and beauty treatments can be arranged upon request .
featuring a sleek design , the rooms offer air conditioning and heating facilities , and are equipped with a fridge .
a separate ski storage room is available on site .
shared kitchen facilities and a garden are also offered .
it has a spa area with a sauna and a steam bath .
bern is 65 km from la ferme des fées , while fribourg is 80 km away . balle is situated 30 km away and bienne and biel are reachable within a 20 - minute drive .
conveniently located 100 metres from clínicas metro station and 10 minutes ’ walk from paulista avenue , pousada viana offers air - conditioned accommodation with free wi - fi .
hotel valery ’ s rooms are air - conditioned and equipped with a tv and private bathroom with shower .
all rooms are heated and soundproofed .
this property is 1 km from bliss beach club and 3 . 8 km from laguna phuket golf club .
rooms at the du lac come with modern wooden furniture or early 19th - century furnishings , and include a private bathroom with a shower .
free wi - fi is available in all areas .
chata w rabce - bajkowa osada offers accommodation in rabka .
all the rooms are simply furnished and fitted with tiled floors .
this is an entirely non - smoking property with a designated smoking area .
the nearest airport is falcone - borsellino airport , 38 km from the property .
guests can also request for their ironing to be done .
all rooms have work desks , coffee makers and a tv .
the rooms at pamenkalnio are bright and with large windows .
within the apartment building , you find 2 restaurants , a small supermarket and a bakery ( also open on sundays ).
hf minas hotel is 13 km from tancredo neves international airport and 30 km from belo horizonte bus station .
there is also a kitchenette , equipped with a dishwasher and oven .
free private parking is possible on site .
just a 10 - minute drive from al masjid al haram , durrat al masafi is located in mecca .
this hotel offers an outdoor pool and free wi - fi and is located next to fairlane north shopping center in dearborn .
the garden is fitted with tables and chairs .
at real inn cancún you will find a fitness centre , a restaurant and free parking .
it serves a daily continental breakfast and has rooms with free wi - fi .
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings , including golfing and windsurfing .
guests have access to a shared kitchen .
laundry facilities and a full kitchen with a dishwasher and microwave are standard in all apartments .
bell street apartments are 10 minutes ' walk from zeally bay . it is 10 minutes ' drive from bells beach .
the property is 1 . 5 km from sea point pavilion swimming and 2 . 4 km from v & a waterfront .
discounts are available for stays longer than 4 nights .
the punta esmeralda features beautiful gardens with palm trees , and offers a restaurant and a pool - side bar .
arena corinthians is 25 km from the property and guarulhos international airport is 30 km away .
the main train and bus station , as well as split ferry port with links to nearby islands , is 8 km away .
set just 50 metres from the black sea , belaya udacha is located in the sauvignon area of odessa .
some units have shared bathrooms , while others have a private one .
it is a 5 - minute walk from monte - carlo ’ s casino and a 10 - minute walk from the beach .
invermere is 28 km away .
gina house hongdae is located in a quiet residential neighbourhood a 5 - minute walk from exit 3 of hongik university subway station ( line 2 , airport railroad and gyeongui line ).
a washing machine and tumble dryer and an en suite bathroom with a hairdryer are also included .
the european district is 1 . 1 km from the apartment .
free public parking is located nearby .
located 400 metres from ski lift veysonnaz - thyon , apartment beaulieu r212 - 7 offers pet - friendly accommodation in veysonnaz .
guests can enjoy a stroll through the historic town , take afternoon tea and lunch on the hotel ' s terrace , or enjoy a range of beauty treatments .
the accommodation will provide you with a tv , air conditioning and a balcony . there is also a coffee machine .
bright and airy , all units at caramel grecotel boutique resort open out to a balcony . each includes a flat - screen tv , a minibar and safe .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings including hiking and cycling .
this property offers modern rooms with free wi - fi and air conditioning .
its modern rooms are equipped with a 42 - inch flat - screen tv .
during summer , a shuttle bus to the beach stops 100 metres away .
turisarte santa maria novella is a 10 - minute walk from piazza della signoria square , while santa croce church is 1 . 4 km away .
the elegant bedrooms at old stables feature fresh , simple decor and scenic views .
various restaurants and supermarkets are within a 5 - minute walk from the property .
guessagain lake is 6 minutes ’ drive from bed and breakfast cariboo country inn . horse lake is 20 minutes ’ drive away .
there is also a lounge with a fireplace .
it has a terrace with panoramic views of the mediterranean sea and air - conditioned rooms .
it features a restaurant , free parking and bike hire .
complete with a microwave , the kitchen also has a refrigerator and an electric kettle .
free toiletries , shower facilities and hairdryers are included in the en suite bathrooms .
certain units include a seating area to relax in after a busy day .
the bathroom comes with a shower , corner bath , and washing machine .
a fully equipped shared kitchenette with a dining area and a fireplace is available to all guests .
each caravan includes a well - equipped kitchen with oven , microwave and fridge , kettle and toaster , and a lounge and dining area with tv and dvd player .
supermarkets , restaurants and bars are within 5 minutes ’ drive , in alahärmä town centre .
piazza navona is 500 metres away .
djs perform at the envy bar thursday through saturday , while guests can also enjoy a wide range of events on - site .
hôtel de fonton is in the heart of the basque countryside and 60 km from bayonne and biarritz .
an oven , a microwave and a fridge can be found in the kitchen and there is a private bathroom .
hotel an der brunnader is situated in the town of bad birnbach .
some rooms include a spa bath with mineral water .
this hotel is located in batumi city centre , a 10 - minute walk from the black sea embankment .
nearest grocery shop is a 5 - minute walk away , while the central bus station is 10 minutes ' walking from the mansion chalet .
the cotulla hampton inn is 2 . 5 miles away from cotulla - la salle county airport .
the apartment has a fully equipped kitchen , a balcony and satellite tv .
free private parking is available on site .
sainte agathe golf course is 15 minutes away .
a flat - screen tv with satellite channels is offered .
the apartments all feature a fully - equipped kitchen with a dishwasher , a microwave , a refrigerator and a south facing balcony with an open fireplace .
the farm produces fruit , vegetables and meat .
guests can use a big hall for relaxation and parties with fireplace and music equipment , kitchen , shared shower and toilet .
the lifestyle hotel also features other in - house facilities such as an award winning spa known for its signature turkish hammam treatment , outdoor mediterranean cuisine with asian fusion , outdoor pool and private beach as well as six upcoming famous dining venues that are to open soon .
the studios share the beautiful swimming pool situated in the centre of the complex .
in the evening , treat yourself to a wholesome meal in the hotel restaurant or enjoy a drink in the bar .
its restaurant serves a daily buffet breakfast .
guests can relax on furnished balconies and patios overlooking the sea or the garden .
free private parking is available on site .
each room is also furnished with a work desk and coffee maker .
guests can enjoy the on - site bar .
the norman fortress richmond castle has fine views across the yorkshire dales and is a 6 - minute drive from low gingerfield farm b & b .
the beach is 700 metres away .
this medieval - themed hostal offers personalised rooms a shared lounge with a fireplace and flat - screen tv .
free public parking is possible at a location nearby .
you can play tennis , table tennis and billiards at the property , and the area is popular for golfing .
some offer floor - to - ceiling windows with garden or partial sea views .
each room at the blue bell features an en suite bathroom with free toiletries , free wi - fi , a flat - screen tv , and tea / coffee making facilities .
each has a spacious living / dining area with a kitchenette complete with microwave , oven , stoves and fridge .
a free shuttle services takes guests around to some of ipoh ' s most popular attractions .
burj al mawaed is located in riyadh and offers self - catering accommodation .
guests at the 5 - star hotel enjoy buffet breakfast at the falls , with regional items and fresh tropical fruits .
featuring rustic - style and stylish décor , they provide guests with a tv , air conditioning and a private bathroom with a walk - in shower .
it also includes a fully fitted kitchen and a living room with a flat - screen , satellite tv , dvd and cd player .
hostellerie restaurant les gorges de l ' aveyron is a former watermill with a seasonal outdoor swimming pool and free wi - fi . it is situated right next to gorges de l ' aveyron and 23 km from montaubant .
the mayan ruins of tulum are 100 km from diving lodge puerto morelos , while cancun international airport is a 20 - minute drive away .
bicycles can be rented at the front desk .
the spacious rooms all have a private bathroom with free toiletries .
the city centre of piestany with several type of restaurants is 200 metres from the hotel , while the bus and train station is 2 . 5 km away .
some have a balcony with sea views .
the nearest airport is nice côte d ' azur airport , 15 km from roustan 1 .
this holiday home is 5 km from hilo airport .
the property is less than 10 minutes ’ drive from the beach and 9 miles from huntington beach state park .
dimora di antino is located in tivoli and provides self - catering accommodation .
bed linen is available .
villa tolstogo offers individually decorated rooms and apartments featuring brightly coloured décor .
the property offers free parking .
homemade cakes , biscuits , cheese and eggs are served every morning for breakfast .
a breakfast is offered daily and is served on the terrace , the patio or in the lounge .
whatever your reason for visiting the city ; sightseeing , on business or travelling ; this hotel is the ideal choice for any stay .
a sweet italian breakfast can be prepared on request .
these bright and spacious apartments are traditionally decorated with contemporary furnishings and wooden floors .
there is a kitchenette with a refrigerator and a coffee machine . featuring a shower , the bathroom also comes with a hairdryer .
located 1 . 2 km from the museum of fine arts of lyon and 800 metres from parc de la tête d ' or , like home - le parc offers pet - friendly accommodation in lyon . the unit is 900 metres from opera national de lyon .
guests can enjoy the sea views from the large living room windows , where they will also find a table , armchairs , sofas and tv .
the owners can provide advice on things to do in the region .
a tv and dvd player is offered .
wander down to the sunny , sandy beach , or go for a dip in the outdoor swimming pool , with free use of sun beds and loungers .
the property offers free parking .
pulkovo airport is 14 km away .
this hotel is 2 blocks from the crystal city subway station and a 5 - minute drive from ronald reagan washington national airport .
the unit is equipped with a kitchen .
guests can also rent bicycles and ski equipment .
located 1 km from the centre of hoi an , prince hotel provides its guests with free access to the outdoor swimming pool and free bicycles .
snack bar is ideal for a quick bite , and the bar is ideal for sipping a drink after a busy day .
other facilities at sapienza holiday home include a terrace .
some units include a seating area to relax in after a busy day .
the nearest airport is lugano airport , 77 km from the property .
it offers spacious accommodation with rental bicycles and free wifi .
situated in batumi , this air - conditioned apartment features free wifi . featuring free private parking , the apartment is 300 metres from aquapark batumi .
a seating area and a dining area are also available .
the a2 motorway is a 2 - minute drive away , and the andermatt - gemsstock ski area is 11 km away .
izmir adnan menderes airport is 90 km away .
when not enjoying the hotel ’ s various indoor and outdoor baths , you can check out the gift shop .
vista a la alameda ph apartment offers an indoor pool and stunning views of the mexico city ’ s central alameda .
marco polo airport is 21 km away .
dry cleaning , laundry and luggage storage are also available .
free private parking is available on site .
free cable internet is available . free private parking is possible on site .
the nearest airport is kuala lumpur international airport , 88 km from the property .
it also has a private bathroom .
elling lilia features free wifi .
wi - fi is available free of charge .
the volga river embankment is a 5 - minute walk away .
surrounded by nature , within 20 minutes ’ drive of skövde and skara sommarland theme park , this peaceful b & b offers swedish cuisine , free wi - fi access and a tv lounge with fireplace .
dine in the brasserie restaurant or relax in the evening in the spacious lounge .
most of the well - appointed rooms at qaser feature panoramic views of al baha .
guests can experience the beautiful city from the hotel ' s roof , equipped with tennis courts , a swimming pool and a sun deck or relax with a massage with the hotel ' s spa services .
utrecht is a 25 - minute drive away and you can reach amsterdam within 40 minutes .
offering access to a rooftop patio , paradox by westside flats is located in moab .
bira international circuit pattaya is 2 km from brentwood manor , while college of innovation education thammasat university is 1 . 6 km away .
there is a dining area and a kitchen equipped with oven .
there is a sandbox in the yard .
nonna filomena is 1 km from the adriatic sea . barletta , bisceglie and the exit trani of the a14 motorway are all a 10 - minute drive away .
other facilities like ski storage and a children ' s playground are offered .
the property features 18th - century frescoes and antique furnishings throughout .
en suite bathroom has towels and shower facility .
aalborg congress & culture centre is reached within 5 minutes on foot .
the main square is a 2 - minute drive .
warsaw chopin airport is 18 km away .
it takes about a 10 - minute drive from the villa to mertasari beach , and a 15 - minute drive to sanur beach . the shops and restaurants at danau tamblingan street are reachable within a 10 - minute drive also .
located 1 . 4 km from old town square and 1 . 5 km from old town hall with orloj astronomical clock ,  apartment kamenicka offers accommodation in prague . the apartment is 1 . 9 km from charles bridge .
the orrefors glassworks and astrid lindgren ' s world theme park are less than a 1 - hour drive away .
guests can have a good time in the babylon aquapark 5 km from the apartment or the ještěd sport centre 8 km away , visit the zoological and the botanical gardens in liberec 6 km from the property or enjoy the vista from the ještěd lookout tower 8 km away .
okanogan stampede is 10 minutes ’ drive away .
no meals are served .
during the week , the air - conditioned units are serviced by a house keeper .
villa kayu ubud is a villa with a terrace , located in ubud , 4 . 4 km from ubud market .
most have a balcony .
they are all furnished in greek and ottoman style , and traditionally decorated with handcrafts .
the rooms are fitted with a shared bathroom .
makkah clock royal tower is 500 metres from mawaddah al baraka hotel , while safwah tower is 500 metres from the property .
a varied breakfast is served in the breakfast room , or can be brought to your room each morning .
the property offers free parking .
they can also enjoy a free cocktail at trouville or deauville casino .
the property boasts views of the city and is 500 metres from monument of the warsaw uprising .
elegant rooms feature touches of bucovina and maramures elements and views of the surroundings from the balcony .
the rooms at relais du silence domaine de bel air are decorated in a contemporary style and include an lcd tv .
rocky arbor state park is one mile from the americas best value inn .
you can enjoy a view of lake baikal from all the rooms .
the cambria pines lodge restaurant offers indoor and outdoor seating .
guests who drive can enjoy free on - site parking .
it is also situated 3 . 5 km from the recreation center bloso hofstade .
featuring 3 double bedrooms and a twin room , this guest house offers a calm and relaxing experience .
visitors can relax in the sauna and spa bath , sunbathe on the lawn , or book a massage session .
overlooking by the ancient fortress of harlech castle , the refurbished y branwen hotel offers comfortable double or twin bedrooms in pleasant surroundings .
look forward to your private garden and terrace .
it features an on - site restaurant and the baltimore convention center is within walking distance .
the bright rooms here are air - conditioned and feature a dining area with a microwave . they also come with a flat - screen cable tv , a safety - deposit box and a private bathroom with a shower and toilet .
within 6 . 1 km you can find shops and restaurants .
siena is 42 km from the santa lucia fonti , while florence airport is a 50 - minute drive away .
rooms at arachovitika kalyvia feature stone details and built - in beds . they come with a tv , air conditioning and refrigerator .
guests are welcome to use produce from the garden and orchard .
activities in the surrounding area include skiing .
it offers spacious accommodation and self - catering apartments with free wifi access in the provençal town of lorgues .
hotel features a meeting room for up to 50 guests .
after enjoying the all - you - can - eat breakfast , guests can visit auxonne just a 20 - minute drive away .
at ejecutivos aparthotel you will find a 24 - hour front desk and a shared terrace , and guests can find a wide range of restaurants and bars within a short 5 - minute walk .
for convenience , the hotel staff can assist with business and tour services .
a typical italian breakfast , with hot drinks , juice and pastries , is offered daily .
decorated with a refreshing theme of blue ocean , blue coast inn is located in sanya and offers cosy guestrooms . free wifi access is available throughout the entire property .
some of the riads are also equipped with outdoor plunge pools .
this guest house has a washing machine available .
you can access to the beach after a short walk .
the botanic garden in steglitz is just a 20 - minute walk away .
bairro alto , the city ’ s most renowned nightlife area , is a 10 - minute walk away and also has many restaurants and shops .
b & b de rentmeesterhoeve is ideally located for guest who like to walk , cycle or enjoy the nature .
cancún international airport is 56 km away .
the fully furnished kanika sea forum apartment no . 106 provides a kitchen equipped with electrical appliances .
set amidst a 10 , 000 - m2 area of olive and palm trees , monemvasia village offers self - catering accommodation overlooking myrtoon sea or the lush garden .
wi - fi is free throughout .
wi - fi access is free in all public areas .
the hotel has spacious guestrooms with a tv , private bathroom and free wifi .
guests are welcome to use free of charge the swimming pool , as well as the sun beds and umbrellas , of the neighbouring hotel .
in the summer they can be enjoyed in the garden .
the kitchen is fitted with an oven . a flat - screen tv with satellite channels is featured .
en suite bathrooms offer shower facilities .
trine university is 5 . 3 miles away .
it features a kitchenette , a spacious living room and a dining area .
a public parking is available nearby .
the private bathrooms are complete with amenities .
sesimbra is 45 km from fragateira , while setúbal is 46 km away .
coronado island is 20 minutes ’ drive from the motel .
ghent ' s historical centre is 30 km from the property .
a flat - screen tv is offered .
the apartment comes with a flat - screen tv and marble floors . the bathroom is fitted with a shower and hairdryer , while the kitchen features a stovetop , refrigerator and coffee machine .
private parking is available on site .
at ibis styles changbaishan you will find a mini - market and an atm machine .
the brasserie bar & grill offers an à la carte menu and carvery , whilst the bunkers club house offers a bistro experience .
a typical italian breakfast is offered daily and includes hot drinks , croissants and pastries .
adagio access offers studios in the centre of brussels , only 350 metres from the committee of regions and 290 metres from troon metro station .
the private bathroom comes with a shower .
a washing machine and a ski storage are also available .
at international travellers ' hostel you will find a terrace , a garden and bistro . other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge / tv area with card and board games and a vegetarian friendly kitchen facility .
guests can keep fit at the on - site fitness center with cardio equipment , treadmills and bikes .
each offers a private furnished patio , along with cooking hobs and a coffee machine .
some units also feature a balcony .
all units open to a balcony with unobstructed sea views .
featuring a shower , private bathroom comes with free toiletries .
seychelles condominiums by resortquest provides an on - site fitness centre .
all units feature a kitchen fitted with a toaster and fridge . a stovetop and coffee machine are also featured .
the complimentary breakfast is the best way to get off to a good start and the nicely appointed rooms invite you to completely relax after a successful day of doing business or sightseeing .
the property also offers grocery delivery .
the kitchen is equipped with an oven , a microwave and a toaster , as well as a coffee machine and a kettle . a flat - screen tv with cable channels is provided .
rail , bus and ferry terminals are within a 2 - 8 minute walk of the royal hotel .
modern rooms offer free wi - fi , satellite tv , air conditioning and a pillow menu .
there is a fully equipped kitchen present that includes a dishwasher and a microwave .
all rooms feature four - poster beds , parquet floors and some have private bathrooms .
towels and bed linen are offered in this self - catering accommodation .
bordeaux train station is a 12 - minute drive from this apartment .
the ample living room comes with sofas , a dining area and a flat - screen cable tv .
located in a historic residential building , soggiorno pitti is right in front of the former royal palace of florence .
santos dumont airport and novo rio bus station are both within 11 km .
relais della rovere is comprised of a restored villa , a 12th - century convent , and a farmhouse . it features a large park with swimming pool and sunbathing area with views across the town .
there is also a snack bar serving light meals during the day .
each day , a freshly prepared buffet breakfast is served on site . dinner is also served as a buffet and a specific cuisine , such as austrian , italian , french or mexican , is offered every evening .
kanapaha botanical gardens are 10 minutes ’ drive away . fred bear museum is 5 miles from la quinta inn gainesville .
a continental breakfast is served buffet style each morning .
cicada market and hua hin night market are both a 10 - minute drive away .
electric kettles are available upon request .
gefinor rotana is also a short 5 - minute walk from the vibrant hamra street where you can find a wide choice of restaurants , pubs , bars and shops .
free private parking is available on site .
at guest house jani meals can be prepared upon request in advance and at a surcharge .
each guest has an access to dryers , ironing facilities and electric kettles on the floor .
thai cuisine can be sampled at local restaurants , which are a 15 - minute drive away .
the studios also include a dining table , seating area , and an equipped kitchenette with tea and coffee - making facilities .
bodrum city centre is 23 km from the property . milas - bodrum airport is 60 km away .
you can play tennis at the property , and the area is popular for golfing .
the ski bus stops in front of the house .
just 80 metres from the sea , between the famous beaches of porto katsiki and agiofili , vassiliki bay offers an outdoor pool with 3 - seat hot tub , and rooms with village or mountain views .
each guest room has a flat - screen tv and tea and coffee facilities . rooms also have an en suite bathroom with shower .
a family - run bed and breakfast in cong village in ireland ’ s county mayo , ryan ' s river lodge b & b overlooks the cong river and waterfall .
at holiday inn express hotel & suites clarington - bowmanville guests can work out in the fitness centre or relax in the hot tub .
it offers free wi - fi and private parking .
vakaru , the main restaurant , serves buffet - style breakfast , lunch and dinner with a different theme night each evening .
the nearest airport is vaclav havel prague airport , 14 km from your home in prague , apt . castello .
you will find valet parking , luggage storage space , gift shop and shops at the property .
the hotel ’ s restaurant serves regional rügen cuisine as well as homemade cakes from its bakery .
the nearest airport is gran canaria airport , 24 km from rk luz playa suites .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling , hiking and windsurfing .
the ostseebad train station is 600 metres away , and the a20 motorway is 70 km from appartementhaus gutenberg .
guests benefit from free wifi , and a hairdryer is provided .
a flat - screen cable tv is provided in every room at americinn minocqua , along with a coffeemaker .
situated 2 km from mogren beach in budva , this apartment features free wifi and a balcony . the property boasts views of the city and is 3 . 8 km from jaz beach .
they have an indoor and outdoor dining area .
guests are invited to use communal facilities , such as the barbecue facilities , the garden , the shared kitchen and the shared lounge .
a complimentary continental breakfast is served each morning .
drinks vending machines are also on the premises .
while drinks are available at the bar , guests can also prepare their own meals in the apartments .
guests at the schlosshotel kronberg enjoy a free shuttle service and free entry to the königstein spa , including the fitnesspark steinbach .
the nearest airport is vnukovo international airport , 33 km from apartment on zelenodolskaya 16 .
free parking is available at the designhotel .
the hotel also offers laundry and dry cleaning facilities .
phuket international airport is located 21 km away .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and bathrobes .
each comes with a tv and elegant bathrooms with toiletries .
enjoy buffet spreads under the night sky at aangan while super snax offers delicious milkshakes and ice cream .
collaven manor is in the north west of dartmoor .
the hotel offers 5 dining options , free internet access and a fitness centre .
other facilities include electric heating and underfloor heating in the bathroom .
bed linen and towels are provided .
at the cour maison residence , you will find a large garden , furnished with tables and chairs .
outdoor barbecue facilities are also available .
girona - costa brava airport is 24 km from the property .
luggage storage is provided .
international food is served in the mangold restaurant and outside on the terrace .
the privately run hotel vivaldi berlin am kufürstendamm has bright rooms with stucco ceilings and modern bathrooms .
casa residency is 700 metres from sungei wang plaza and 1 . 9 km from petronas twin towers .
it has spacious public areas with free wi - fi access .
known for its beautiful diving and snorkeling spots , amed beach is just 5 minutes ' walk from dillons bungalow and restaurant , while tulamben beach is within 15 minutes ’ drive away . tirta gangga water palace and lempuyang temple are both reachable by a 30 - minute car ride from the property .
all feature showers with water jets .
located in bacău , a 2 - minute walk from the city centre , c & c residence hotel features free wifi and free private parking .
hotel bellamar is located in cartagena de indias .
the bathroom has a shower and a hairdryer .
fresh seafood and mouth - watering grilled dishes are served at the grill .
casale moretti is an ideal location for romantic walks in the woods and horse - riding excursions .
spread over 2 floors , there are 3 double bedrooms , 1 twin bedroom and 1 double sofa bed .
you can prepare your meals in the privacy of your own fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher , an oven and a microwave .
escape theme park is a 40 - minute drive away .
featuring an indoor swimming pool and a restaurant , hotel duta berlian is located in bogor .
sw11 rooms features free wifi .
the apartments are air conditioned and offer a flat - screen tv with a blu - ray player , dvd player , and cable channels .
gobelins school of visual communication is 200 metres from take me home - le cygne , while church of st . francis is 400 metres from the property .
for your convenience , ironing facilities , washing machine and cleaning products are at your disposal .
a take - away breakfast is available .
the caroline ferienwohnung offers a ski storage room with a ski boot dryer and furthermore a sun terrace with outdoor furniture .
the property is 120 metres from stedelijk museum zwolle .
the kitchen is fitted with a dishwasher .
offering mountain views , elegant rooms and suites are furnished with air conditioning , a wardrobe , in - room safe , a flat - screen cable tv and seating area . electric kettle , refrigerator and minibar are also included .
cala talamanca beach is 10 minutes ’ walk away .
grocers 50 m , supermarket 2 km , restaurant , outdoor swimming pool 500 m , indoor swimming pool 3 km .
located 24 km from split , apartments anto offers accommodation in tice .
on - site chikubu restaurant serves both western and japanese meals for lunch and dinner .
casa aire palermo is a 20 - minute drive from jorge newbery domestic airport .
indian cuisine is on offer .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including billiards and fishing .
it features an outdoor pool and a restaurant . it provides free parking and free wi - fi in the entire property .
the practical room will provide you with a tv , patio and a shared bathroom with a hairdryer .
sweet pastries and hot drinks feature in the italian - style buffet breakfast served daily .
the bathrooms come with a hairdryer , and towels and bed linen are provided .
with a quiet location in sabaudia , agriturismo marilà is inside circeo nature reserve .
hanting express beijing wukesong features free wifi throughout the property .
vita park hotel and spa has a 24 - hour front desk which helps with various queries and also organizes in - room meals .
moments from the historic attractions of portland , maine , this charming hotel is conveniently located off motorway i - 95 and offers a complimentary hot breakfast daily and an indoor / outdoor heated pool .
alternatively , la rose spa offers a variety spa treatments .
podgorica airport is 29 km from the property .
shops are 1 km away and restaurants can be found within 2 km .
sri dalada maligawa is 1 . 4 km from 2in1 kandy hostel , while kandy museum is 1 . 4 km away .
free wifi is provided throughout the property and free private parking is available on site .
bendigo gateway motel offers ground floor rooms with air conditioning , electric blankets , flat - screen tv and a minibar . it is located only 10 minutes ’ drive from the heart of bendigo .
free wi - fi access is available .
beaches at la manga del mar menor and mazarrón can be reached in an hour ’ s drive from el rincón de resu .
palma de mallorca airport is 7 km from the property .
all units comprise a kitchenette with a dining area . each features a bathroom with shower and a hairdryer .
cheese plates , chocolates , flowers and champagne can also be arranged for an additional charge .
the nearest airport is gelendzhik airport , 5 km from the property .
offering a wide sea - view garden , dodici lune is set in a peaceful hilly area of marina d ’ andora , a 10 - minute walk to the beaches .
at hotel karolinka you will find a 24 - hour front desk and a bar .
other facilities like a ski storage room are available as well . garage parking is available .
free wifi is available throughout the entire property .
cooked breakfast is served each morning at monk coniston , with a buffet selection including cereals , fresh fruit , yoghurts , croissants and pastries . there is also porridge , toast , juice , tea and coffee .
it offers modern air - conditioned apartments with a fully equipped kitchenette .
it operates a 24 - hour front desk and features an outdoor pool .
vaclav havel prague airport is 13 km away .
there is a double bedroom , as well as a sofa bed in the living room .
it provides free wi - fi access and parking .
the petra karađorđevića square can be visited within only 200 metres .
the centre of antalya is just 15 km away and can be reached in just 20 minutes by car .
every room at this hotel is air conditioned and has a tv .
centrally located in san antonio and just metres from the sea , these bright studios have views of the mediterranean or the hotel swimming pool and sun terrace .
the emporia america ’ s best inn offers a continental breakfast each morning .
complejo alcaidia de magina is located in the charming andalusian hillside town of cambil .
free private parking is available on site .
the guest house is located in the vivid 7th district of vienna , famous for its many shops , restaurants and galleries .
for an extra charge , the viardo offers a shuttle service to tashkent airport .
located right next to exit 3 of hosui susukino subway station , apa hotel sapporo susukino ekimae offers simple western - style accommodations with free wired internet access .
guests have also access to a shared kitchen .
dom studencki atol has a common tv room and a gym .
simply furnished , air - conditioned rooms come with tiled flooring , a desk , wardrobe , electric kettle and a flat - screen tv with cable channels .
guests can enjoy the on - site bar .
there is a shared lounge at the property .
all rooms offer splendid garden views .
the accommodation will provide you with a tv , hi - fi system and a dvd player . there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
at 7days inn zhu hai gong bei tunnel portal you will find a 24 - hour front desk . other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage .
free wifi access is provided throughout .
tivoli amusement park is a 10 - minute walk away .
just 150 metres from the centre of the scenic folegandros town , the cycladic - style fata morgana offers a swimming pool with hydromassage facility and poolside snack bar .
facilities include an lcd tv with satellite channels , minibar and full length mirror .
you can easily discover much of sardinia ’ s natural beauty in the many surrounding archaeological sites .
shuttle services to the airport can be arranged at an extra cost .
located in desenzano del garda , this air - conditioned apartment features a patio with garden views . this apartment offers a seasonal outdoor pool and free wifi .
other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities and a vending machine with cold beverages .
offering an outdoor pool , summer place by florida dream homes is located in kissimmee , florida . free wifi access is available in this holiday home .
featuring large windows and wooden furniture , the air - conditioned rooms at hotel kimberly have cable tv , a minibar , and a work desk .
staff at the 24 - hour front desk can assist with luggage storage .
located in duoyishu scenic area , wu miao yun ju bed & breakfast features accommodation with views of hani rice terraces .
start your day with a varied breakfast buffet including yoghurt and cheese spread .
the armes blends comfort and charm in typical french fashion .
free - use internet terminals with an attached printer are provided in the lobby , which also has free wi - fi .
tivat airport is located 55 km from the property and virpazar train station is 21 km away .
apartments include a lounge with a tv , a kitchen with an oven , dishwasher and washing machine and a private bathroom with a hairdryer .
the tour desk can be approached for assistance in day trip planning and currency exchange arrangements .
edwardu apartment offers accommodation in birżebbuġa , 50 metres from the beach and 9 km from valletta . the property features views of the sea is 13 km from st julian ' s .
located at la suze sur sarthe , close to le mans , the hotel saint - louis welcomes you in a family and friendly atmosphere .
bed linen is featured .
breakfast is served every morning in a hotel restaurant which specialises in international dishes .
each unit is fitted with a flat - screen cable tv , working desk and an electric kettle .
an iron , ironing board , coffee - tea - facilities and desk .
guests can use the copy and fax machine provided by the hotel .
the hotel sonderfeld is within a 10 - minute walk from the medieval castle and the town centre with 2 shopping centres .
located in le mont - dore , le sarciron is a self - catering accommodation set in a historically recognised building .
towels and bed linen are provided .
a flat - screen tv with cable channels is featured .
the hotel overlooks the marina and has a sauna , a hot tub , a seasonal swimming pool and a fitness centre .
the property is respectively a 10 - minute drive from lake bilancino , and 4 km from the untouched nature of the gabbianello nature reserve .
azusa inn is set in la puente , 30 km from los angeles and 21 km from anaheim .
buses to kherson city run from the bus station , 3 km from black sea hotel , and a shuttle service is available on request .
the kitchen has a microwave and there is a private bathroom with slippers and free toiletries .
ylä - saarikko also provides a garden and private beach area .
rooms include a tv .
located just 500 metres from the salem bus station , hotel gold ray sarovar portico operates a 24 - hour front desk to assist guests at all times . free wifi is available in all areas .
all units feature a seating and dining area .
featuring an elegant décor , air - conditioned apartments at iq houses also offer a flat - screen tv with cable channels .
the hotel has a restaurant that serves western and local cuisine .
freewifi access is available .
apartamentos port d ’ es torrent offers bright 2 - bedroom apartments with a simple décor .
it offers a sun terrace with an outdoor pool and a poolside bar .
guests can enjoy free yoga classes with the internationally renowned yogi , wayne krassner .
galleria houston is 10 miles away .
some rooms have a seating area for your convenience .
the suite features a view of the garden , a wardrobe , a seating area and tea and coffee making facilities .
both japanese - and western - style rooms are available at fujiyoshi inn , all with air conditioning , slippers and a tv .
located on the main road in al murayr , 1 . 5 km from the beaches of the gulf of oman , wajaja hotel apartment features a restaurant and air - conditioned apartments .
the kitchen has an oven and microwave and a laundry room is equipped with a dishwasher and washing machine .
playa del carmen maritime terminal is 5 km from mareazul by moskito .
the kamala beachfront apartment is a 30 - minute drive from phuket international airport and 10 minutes from kamala village .
it can accommodate up to six people and free wireless internet access is available .
the air - conditioned unit is fitted with a kitchen .
there is also a kitchenette , fitted with a microwave . a fridge and kettle are also featured .
the columbus zoo is 11 miles from the hilliard hampton inn & suites .
the restaurant at l ' ours blanc serves local and regional specialties .
free wifi access is available in the hotel rooms .
room service is available for 24 - hour and serves multi - cuisine dishes .
the courtyard homewood is within a 5 - minute drive of the birmingham zoo . oak mountain state park is within a 21 - minute drive of the hotel .
activities in the surrounding area include golfing , cycling and bowling .
meals and light snacks can be prepared in the property ' s fully equipped common kitchen .
wiesbadener golf club is 10 minutes by car .
private bathrooms come with a shower and free toiletries .
the shooters bar offers drinks and snacks .
a 24 - hour reception is offered at watsonville economy inn .
buses to the city centre run from the bus stop , 100 metres away .
every unit has a private bathroom with a bidet , bathrobes , and a hairdryer .
located in the heart of circular quay , sydney opera house apartment offers free wi - fi , an indoor pool and a fitness centre .
the private bathroom is equipped with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
located in the quiet village of peralejos , hostal rural peralejos guest house offers a restaurant , a terrace , free bicycles for guests and free wi - fi throughout .
the à la carte restaurant serves regional delicacies .
the wyndham milwaukee airport hotel and convention center is an ideal location for business or pleasure .
free private parking is available on site .
san antonio is 9 km from agroturismo can cosmi prats , while playa d ' en bossa is 11 km from the property .
tez pol guest house features free wifi .
tribhuvan international airport is a 15 - minute drive away .
it offers suites with cable tv , fully equipped kitchens and free wi - fi .
guests can enjoy a daily breakfast buffet with croissants , natural juices and fresh fruits .
private parking is possible on site , while public parking is free nearby .
paveletskaya metro station is a 10 - minute walk away .
vegan , vegetarian , gluten - free , and dairy - free alternatives are also available with prior request .
leisure activities during summer include hiking and mountain biking .
bed linen is featured .
the kitchen has a dishwasher , an oven and a toaster , as well as a coffee machine .
designed for adults only , this love hotel is situated in sakai , 12 km from osaka .
you can play table tennis at the property , and bike hire is available .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including hiking .
it offers free wifi access .
augas santas spa and golf club is just 2 . 5 km from the casa de maside .
situated on the west side of reunion island , aquabeach is 200 metres from local shops and beaches .
a bus with links to benevento stops 200 metres from the b & b domus grampone .
the main train station is 550 metres from the property , while zagreb airport is 14 km away .
suites4days sagrada familia gaudi views offers accommodation in barcelona . the air - conditioned unit is 200 metres from sagrada familia .
a 24 - hour front desk service is also available to assist guests with excursion and visits such as the nearby bab ayle mosque and the typical moroccan street market .
guests have access to the library and can relax in front of the wood burning stove .
each room has a flat - screen tv , wardrobe and tea and coffee facilities .
towels and bed linen are featured in this apartment .
you can play tennis at the property , and the area is popular for skiing and horse riding .
the private bathroom is complete with a shower and a hairdryer .
it features a restaurant , terrace , and free wi - fi throughout .
the harbour and the centre of agia gallini village with several café bars and taverns are 100 metres away . a bus station providing connection to different parts of the island is at a distance of 90 metres .
situated in beskydy protected landscape area , a 15 - minute walk away from nový jičín , hotel na skalkách offers a traditional czech restaurant and cottages with a terrace .
free private parking is available at the riggeralm .
rooms at the manohar hyderabad come with satellite tv and personal safe .
you will find a coffee machine in the room .
these stylish modern apartments are in birmingham city centre , 150 metres from the barclaycard arena ( nia ) and just over 5 minutes ' walk from the international convention centre ( icc ), also known as symphony hall .
each has a furnished patio and views of bayona beach .
the nearest airport is sultan abdul aziz shah airport , 9 km from orange hotel , sungai buloh .
tran quy cap train station is 3 km away while noi bai international airport is 30 minutes away by car .
the free ski bus to the gastein valley stops just 100 metres away .
you can enjoy mountain view from the room .
they offer heated accommodation with mountain and garden views .
situated in krasnodar , this air - conditioned apartment is 2 . 3 km from krasnodar expo .
a 30 - minute walk will take you to a solitary beach down the caldera .
free use of bicycles is available at the property .
cable tv and work desks are standard in each room at lidingö hotell .
bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for skiing and snorkelling .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with bathrobes .
velden is 7 km from the guest house .
a b & b located is rauzan a 30 - minute drive from libourne , château villotte is set in a renaissance castle surrounded by a park with an outdoor swimming pool .
situated on a citrus farm in the sundays river valley , avoca river cabins features an outdoor swimming pool , children ’ s playground and conference and wedding facilities .
you can rent aquatic sporting equipment and bikes 300 metres away .
the air - conditioned apartment is decorated with parquet floors and colourful details .
located in misiones , argentina , 500 metres from the paraná river , right in the middle of posadas and puerto iguazú cities , hotel paris offers free internet access and breakfast . a garden and a small fitness centre are featured .
gloucester is 46 km from upper house cottage , while swindon is 34 km away .
in - room dining is also possible with room service .
the property is 25 km from belo horizonte centre and bus station .
the property has a private beach area and water sports facilities and bike hire and car hire are available .
this hotel is located in hamburg ’ s lively st . pauli district , 100 metres from the feldstraße underground station .
for your convenience there is a currency exchange , atm and valet parking .
wine cellars with tasting programs can be found within a 5 - minute walk and the nearest restaurant is 500 metres away .
other restaurants can be reached within a 20 - minute drive .
louisiana museum of modern art is a 40 - minute drive from pegasus b & b . frederiksborg castle is within 20 minutes ’ drive .
free wifi access is available in all areas .
archipelago wildlife cruises is a 5 - minute drive from the property .
asaya hotel ’ s front desk is open 24 hours , and massages are available at an additional cost .
it features a top - floor pool offering sea views .
the rodos palladium staff offers cooking classes and aqua aerobic .
the marble staircase with the handmade railing , leads to the upper floor where 4 romantic - style bedrooms with private bathrooms are located .
this property features modern apartments with free wifi , air conditioning , and heating .
campo santa margherita is a 12 - minute walk from the property .
the cherai bus station is 2 km away , alwaye railway station is 26 km while the cochin international airport is 28 km from nila home stay .
daily local newspapers are also provided .
all accommodation has free wi - fi .
free private parking is available on site .
the private bathroom is fitted with a shower and a hairdryer .
south - facing room offer views towards the combins mountains , and from north - facing rooms you can watch the life on the streets of verbier .
haus nordstrand vereinsallee 21 apartments feature brightly decorated interiors .
set in bene vagienna , 26 km from alba , casa giovi boasts a seasonal outdoor pool and views of the garden .
before heading outdoors , enjoy a delicious breakfast , included in your room price .
stomio beach is 2 km from hotel limenari . within 17 km , guests can visit the seaside town of kyparissia .
surrounded by the mountains in santa caterina valfurva , chalet bucaneve boasts traditionally decorated apartments and studios with wooden furniture .
some have a view of the boulevard .
the village is surrounded by a huge parkland complete with outdoor settings , lawns , ancient roman baths and pool area .
free private parking is possible on site .
a tv is offered .
guests at kyoto hotel brighton can explore kyoto with rental bicycles , offered at a charge .
the guest house offers spectacular sea views from its restaurant , the butcher ’ s grill .
a shower and a bath are fitted in the private bathroom .
guests can enjoy yoga class or traditional thai massage , or book boat trips to nearby islands with the resort ’ s tour desk .
the apartments are a 20 - minute drive from cottbus , and free parking is provided .
it offers a sauna , russian steam bath , billiards and karaoke .
with a balcony , the air - conditioned rooms come with a satellite lcd tv . each has a private bathroom equipped with free toiletries and a hairdryer .
there also is a designated barbecue area on site .
a washing machine is also provided .
you will find a garden , terrace and 24 - hour front desk at the property .
meals are served buffet style or à - la - carte .
wi - fi internet is available for free .
the restaurant d . a . s . hungerberg serves austrian and international cuisine and a wide selection of austrian wines .
the in - house restaurant serves a delectable menu of local and international cuisines .
many other restaurants are within a 10 - minute walk .
the property offers car hire , shuttle services and airport transfers upon request and at an additional charge .
the lincolnshire oak is surrounded by nearly 1 . 5 acres of grounds and gardens and offers traditional quality , comfort and value .
at hotel yala peak you will find a 24 - hour front desk , a garden and a terrace .
outdoor cooking and lounging areas are provided .
the bathroom has a shower .
son sant joan airport is located 17 km from the property .
the nearest airport is burgas airport , 27 km from alex beach apartments sveti vlas .
free wifi is featured .
free private parking is available on site .
the resort is entirely surrounded by limestone cliffs and is only accessible by boat .
wifi , continental breakfast and on - site parking are also offered .
buffet restaurant pine terrace offers an international spread of dishes , while the resort also offers authentic japanese , chines and italian cuisines .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out ecomare ( 3 . 5 km ).
you will find a coffee machine in the room .
the living room has a spacious seating area with a sofa bed .
they have access to shared bathroom facilities .
all rooms are air - conditioned and offer a tv with satellite and cable channels .
there is an outdoor pool and hot tub , tennis court and gym .
featuring an alpine - style décor , bungalows are equipped with a cosy fireplace and a complete bathroom , including a spa bath .
barra beach is 3 . 6 km from hostel villa da paciência , while arena fonte nova is 3 . 6 km from the property . the nearest airport is luis eduardo magalhães airport , 20 km from villa da paciência .
each room includes a private bathroom .
the kitchenette has a fridge and a stovetop , as well as a coffee machine .
during the day pancakes , waffles and ice cream are served .
surrounded by shops and bars , hostal virgen del villar is situated in the centre of laguna de duero , known for its yearly bull - running festival .
guests also have direct access to the spacious spa area here .
they include flat - screen satellite tv , a safe and en - suite bathroom with hairdryer .
a flat - screen cable tv is included in each room at super 8 carthage .
the property features views of the city is 39 km from balíon .
city hotel wetzlar features free wifi access and free private parking .
universal studios hollywood is 7 minutes ’ drive from the apartment .
a launderette is available to all guests at sunlac inn lakota . vending machines with drinks are also available .
all rooms at the polo nautico hotel are air - conditioned and offer free wi - fi .
free public parking is available near the sala palatului apartament , and shuttle transfer to the airport is possible at a surcharge .
the property offers free parking .
free wi - fi is provided .
shower facilities are included in an en suite bathroom .
you can play tennis and table tennis at this resort , and the area is popular for fishing and hiking .
the accommodation will provide you with a living room equipped with a tv and sofas .
every room is fitted with a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
a garden and a snack bar are featured .
you will find a shared lounge at the property .
breakfast is served each morning .
cesenatico is 24 km away .
kokaidomae tram stop is a 2 - minute walk away and jr nagasaki train station is a 5 - minute drive away .
the yakima valley museum is just 2 . 8 miles from the yakima knights inn . fisher park golf course is 10 minutes ' drive away .
atico cap dor is located 3 . 5 km from ifach golf club , and you can drive to alicante airport in 1 hour . benidorm is 40 km away .
saint - augustin metro station is 240 metres away and gare saint - lazare is 300 metres away .
the hintertuxer glacier can be reached by car in 40 minutes .
lanin national park is 1 . 3 km away .
a breakfast buffet is served in a neighbouring building , 20 metres from the hotel .
casa da árvore ii also features barbecue facilities and laundry facilities .
malin beach is 2 . 1 km from apartment marina , while rova beach is 2 . 9 km away .
it offers a saltwater pool , turkish bath and sauna for a supplement .
set in tula , apartment on krasnoarmeyskiy 8 offers self - catering accommodation with free wifi . the apartment is 1 km from tula kremlin .
dali railway station is located a 40 - minute drive away .
guest house bagira features free wifi throughout the property .
guests can use the shared kitchen .
riccione train station is 1 . 5 km from the property .
there are also some dining options nearby .
certain rooms have a seating area where you can relax .
airport shuttle services are offered by the property .
guest house chetyre syna features free wifi and private parking .
guests can enjoy al fresco dining or indoors in the à la carte restaurant .
during winter , you can also relax in the winter garden .
featuring free wifi and a barbecue , the bayon villa offers accommodation in siem reap .
the house features a flat - screen cable tv , a dvd player , a fully equipped kitchen with microwave , a seating area and 2 bathrooms with shower and free toiletries .
most rooms feature a balcony or terrace .
fragrance hotel – crystal is located in vibrant geylang , a 10 - minute drive from the popular orchard road .
for your comfort , you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer .
rooms are spacious and decorated with natural materials .
each apartment includes a tv and a bathroom with a bathtub or a shower .
goa international airport is 45 km away .
all bathrooms are equipped with a shower .
laundry with dry cleaning and luggage storage facilities are available .
each room is decorated in neutral colours and has a seating area .
the b & b is 30 km from rome ciampino airport .
located close to the bund in downtown shanghai , starway hotel chuangye the bund shanghai is just 2 km from the people ’ s square .
the property offers free parking .
a hot tub and barbecue facilities are featured on the sun terrace .
located just 420 metres from madison square garden , this hotel in the chelsea section of manhattan has an on - site restaurant and free wifi .
the city centre offers a wide variety of restaurants , plus the local market also features stands that sell typical snacks and tasteful dishes .
free wi - fi is available in the entire hotel .
kotor is 9 km from apartment braic , while sveti stefan is 30 km away .
sport barú hotel is ideal for water sports and outdoor activities such as canoeing , snorkelling and windsurfing .
the private bathroom comes with a shower and hairdryer .
the hotel is easily accessible from sofia international airport ( 10km ) and the central railway station ( 7km ).
aj hackett bungy jumping - kawarau bridge is 3 . 9 km from fifteen on oliver , while queenstown event centre is 4 . 3 km from the property .
rooms here will provide you with a fan and wardrobe . there is a shared kitchen with a microwave and oven . private and shared bathrooms come with a shower .
all rooms are fitted with a tv with cable channels .
bicycle rental is possible directly from the hotel and free parking is available .
gurnee mills outlet mall and bonnie brook golf course are both 10 minutes from the hotel .
guests have free access to the spa , which includes a multi - jet swimming pool , a hot tub , a sauna and a hammam .
it offers panoramic views of the surrounding mountains and the river , and a peaceful garden .
the living room includes a sofa , tv with cable channels and dining area .
each room is fitted with a private bathroom .
massage , wellness and beauty treatments are offered at six senses spa .
the area is filled with restaurants , shops , summer terraces and cafes .
residenza al castello is a traditional mountain house of 3 floors , and offers large apartments with panoramic balcony and wooden furniture .
mini - hotel also serves a daily breakfast .
guests can also relax in the elegant bar fifty nine and in the vintage wine room .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out vuokatti , 3 . 2 km away . this holiday home is 32 km from kajaani airport .
alicante airport is located 45 minutes ' drive away and murcia airport is 30 minutes away .
set in the historic centre of naples , spicchi di sole offers spacious rooms with a balcony , free wi - fi and air conditioning .
galleria shopping mall is 15 km from e & t holiday homes - al nabat , while burj khalifa is 16 km away .
the house features a large living room with a tv .
an en suite bathroom equipped with a hairdryer is also available .
the café is open for a self - service lunch .
a russian steam bath and sauna are featured at the spadessa hotel .
the continental breakfast is served every morning in the dining room or on the patio , which is decorated with colorful tiles .
there are shared bathroom facilities that come with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
free private parking spaces and safe - deposit boxes are provided .
the property is 3 km from ao nang krabi boxing stadium and 3 . 5 km from nopparat thara beach .
free wifi access is available .
in the apartment there is a kitchen where you can prepare your own meals .
an en suite bathroom comes with shower facilities and a hairdryer .
the bathroom comes with a shower and toilet .
the waldcafe restaurant serves traditional tyrolean cuisine and features a bar , a sun terrace , and an ice bar ( in winter ).
you can also socialize with other guests or simply relax at the shared lounge area .
edem hotel is just 10 km from apollonia village , the capital of sifnos , and a 20 - minute drive from kamares port .
aqualand torremolinos is 1 . 6 km from apartamentos las palomas beach , while crocodile park is 1 . 6 km away .
offering free wifi and a garden , apartments magda 3508 is set in podstrana . church of saint george perun is 2 km away .
it offers free wi - fi in all areas and a restaurant that serves breakfast buffet along with à - la - carte specialties .
free wifi is provided throughout the property .
grenada lake is 15 minutes ' drive away .
a hot breakfast buffet including bacon , biscuits and eggs is served each morning at the brevard holiday inn express .
there is also a wooden dining area in every kitchen , and highchairs and cots free to use .
all apartments at the artemis provide a tv and air conditioning .
sofia is set 20 km away .
athena hotel boasts a host of modern facilities as well as conference facilities .
some rooms feature cable tv .
tsea leisure club serves all - day western - style buffet .
restaurants can be found within a walking distance .
case saniela is just a 3 - minute walk from the local beaches of terrasini favarotta .
the rooms are equiped with satellite tv , balcony and air conditioning .
queenslane apartment offers free wi - fi and 2 balconies .
bed and breakfast casa gea is 6 km from milan malpensa airport .
an array of outdoor activities can be enjoyed on site or nearby , including bird watching , biking , kayaking , kite - surfing , sailing and dolphin watching .
hotel monterey kobe is a short 5 - minute walk from sannomiya subway station .
local and international cuisine is served in the comfort ’ s restaurant , and the lobby bar features comfortable sofas .
other facilities at apartment gabashvili include a fitness centre and indoor pool .
there are many bars and restaurants in the immediate area around the apartments .
it features a bar , a restaurant that serves breakfast , and on - site scuba diving facilities .
villa sauci is surrounded by the flora and fauna of rural sicily . it is an eco - friendly property that offers fresh local ingredients , all organic , at breakfast . you will also find extra - virgin olive oil from the villa ' s olive groves and fruit and vegetables from its grounds .
free wifi access is available in the reception and bar area .
a bus stop is 50 metres away , and the central bus station is within 250 metres too .
hotel horda is situated 1 . 5 km from the słubice railway station .
restaurants , a market and 24 - hour convenience stores are nearby .
all units are air conditioned and feature a cable tv and a seating area .
heated rooms feature wooden floors and flat - screen tvs .
for other meals , the riad ’ s chef prepares traditional moroccan dishes which are served in the stylish dining room .
free time activities include the aqua park špindlerův mlýn which is 5 - minutes away on foot .
the property is 3 . 1 km from roma termini and 2 . 5 km from the colosseum .
free public parking is available at 200 metres from the accommodation .
a continental breakfast is served daily and you can enjoy traditional moroccan meals on request .
the kitchen is fully equipped , including a dishwasher and a refrigerator .
the grindelwald train station is 500 metres from chalet spillstatt .
packed lunches are available .
solar panels are used for warm water and heating .
guests can cook their meals in the fully equipped kitchenette , complete with a dining area .
equipped with light wooden furniture , rooms at the gasthof zum sandlweber include cable tv and a work desk .
the nürburgring racing track is also just 15 km away .
there is also a big garden and a sunny terrace .
free wifi is available throughout the property .
it is air conditioned and the private bathroom may have a bath or shower .
a breakfast buffet is served here every morning .
free wifi access is available .
accommodation at butussi villa is air conditioned and comes with wood floors , a tv and a fridge .
located in cabo frio , apartamento do moinho offers an outdoor pool . this self - catering accommodation features free wifi . the property is just a 10 - minute walk from peró beach and conchas beach .
located a 10 - minute walk from kandersteg ’ s centre and the nearest train station , müllerhus offers a rustic apartment with wood panelling , a fireplace , a balcony , and a patio with barbecue facilities . the oeschinensee and sunnbühl ski areas are a 5 - minute drive away .
the turia gardens , set in the the river turia ’ s old course , are less than 300 metres from the apartments .
bed linen is included .
it also offers a large , peaceful mediterranean - style garden .
set in siniscola and just 200 metres from the sardinian coast and its beautiful beaches , la caletta features rooms with air conditioning . it offers an italian - style breakfast which is served at a café located a few steps away .
the complex also has a handy on - site supermarket .
rooms at the teresa masselli bed and breakfast all come with air conditioning , desk and private bathroom with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
pensjonat szlachecki is located in the centre of karwia , 13 km from władysławowo and its railway station .
other facilities offered at the property include entertainment staff and a tour desk .
hotel isora is situated in a quiet area 4 km from ostrava ’ s centre .
some are complete with a spa bath .
some rooms overlook the castle or old city walls , while others have mediterranean sea views .
a seating area with a fireplace and cable tv is also available .
the private bathroom offers a shower .
ukrainian cuisine is served in the on - site restaurant , and cocktails are offered at the bar .
towels and bed linen are available .
located close to the beach , the central location features nearby shops and restaurants .
it offers free parking and free wifi access .
a hot , 3 - course breakfast is served every morning at au chat qui dort b & b .
a wide selection of recreational activities are provided , including volleyball , darts and trekking .
several restaurants and a supermarket are only short walk away .
the apartment also offers satellite tv and a covered balcony .
hurtigruten ferry terminal and mehamn airport are 5 . 5 km from red tree .
best western hotel orchidee is situated in the centre of aalter .
a free hot buffet breakfast is served each morning .
an outdoor pool and spa are on site , and bal harbor shopping centre is 7 km away .
the wizarding world of harry potter at the universal orlando resort is 19 miles away . the boutiques of orlando premium outlets are 13 miles away .
you can enjoy sea view from the room .
free wifi is available .
the pershing suites offers wi - fi at an additional charge .
kastrup airport is located 33 km from the property .
it produces and sells its own olive oil and wine .
the second - floor apartment has a living room with a flat - screen tv , a kitchenette with kitchenware and a coffee machine , and a private bathroom with a shower .
ideally located , apartments are a 20 - minute walk from plaza catalunya and ramblas .
the restaurant offers a variety of cocktails and japanese spirits .
the nearest airport is gdansk lech walesa airport , 12 km from the property .
barbadoro agriturismo is a 5 - minute drive from san vincenzo train station .
select rooms include kitchenettes .
some rooms come with views overlooking the vineyard .
located in a recently restored building from the 40 ’ s , the coolhostel is 100 metres from the picturesque bolhão market .
rooms include a balcony , flat - screen tv and free wi - fi access .
it also features the aviator bar & lounge on the 10th - floor , offering panoramic views of warsaw and the airport .
you can enjoy a mountain view and a pool view from all the rooms .
the property offers a spacious balcony with open city views .
there is a shared kitchen at the property .
the property offers free parking .
a barbecue is available for guest use . free parking is offered .
armando revoredo iglesias airport is 3 km away .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out napfény beach ( 400 metres ) and balatonlelle train station ( 50 metres ).
the seating areas have a flat - screen tv with a dvd player and satellite channels .
guests receive a complimentary bottle of mineral water .
on request , guests can enjoy breakfast at andritsch elfi ferienwohnung .
known as the golden cape , the popular zlatni rat beach area is just 1 . 5 km from bolbeach guesthouse .
set 100 metres from michalska tower and 500 metres from bratislava castle , apartment michael ́ s gate offers pet - friendly accommodation in bratislava . the unit is 900 metres from ufo observation deck .
convenient guest supplies include currency exchange , an on - site atm machine and a mini - market .
the living room features a fireplace .
each room is equipped with a private bathroom . for your comfort , you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer .
the accommodation has a flat - screen tv . there is also a kitchen , fitted with a microwave and toaster . a fridge and stovetop are also offered , as well as a kettle . there is a private bathroom with a bidet in each unit .
the nearest airport is rijeka airport , 25 km from apartment isidora .
breakfast is buffet style , while the restaurant serves traditional marche specialities .
the grifone is 3 km from the entrance of rimini fellini airport .
the nearest grocery store and a bar are just 10 metres away .
there is also a kitchen , fitted with a dishwasher . an oven , a microwave and toaster are also offered , as well as a coffee machine .
the nearest supermarket is 50 metres away .
manzhouli jiayun apartment is equipped with a flat - screen tv with cable channels .
the bathroom comes with a bath and a shower .
all accommodation features air conditioning , free wi - fi , kitchen facilities and a terrace with sea views .
they include fully equipped kitchens , dressing room , vanity mirrors and tv sets with dvd player and movie library available .
a children ' s playground , games room and a mini market are included on the camp site .
studios enjoy mountain views and come with a kitchenette , dining area and flat - screen tv . the private bathroom is complete with a shower .
each is equipped with a fridge and a tv . all units are soundproofed and include a private bathroom with a shower or bathtub .
kayak centre is 350 metres from the property , and chekhov ' s country house is 450 metres away .
this converted farmhouse provides free parking and is 9 km from fabriano .
the accommodation will provide you with a tv , cable channels , a dvd player and a cd player .
free wi - fi is available .
the nearest airport is london heathrow airport , 53 km from woodrows cottage .
wine museum is at a distance of 1 . 7 km and larnaca international airport is located 55 km away .
altstadtgasthof krone is located in the old town district of eschwege , just 200 metres from eschwege castle .
located in sharjah , emirates palace hotel suites is a fully serviced apart hotel offering guests a range of 1 and 2 - bedroom self - catering apartments .
there is also a kitchen , equipped with a dishwasher , oven and microwave . a toaster , a fridge and stovetop are also offered , as well as a coffee machine .
the bar is open 24 - hours for drinks and snacks .
enjoying panoramic views of the athens city from the seventh floor , tudor hall restaurant serves gourmet and greek dishes .
parking is free at the hotel .
on site enjoy wi - fi access , comfortable rooms with satellite television and air conditioning and free parking .
tastefully decorated , rooms feature soothing wall colours and offer views of the city or sea .
slippers and toiletries are offered in each guest room at the ancestral knowlton b & b .
nozawa naritasan yakushiji temple is located an 11 - minute walk away , while sengataki fall is just under a 2 - hour drive away .
breakfast can be enjoyed in the garden when the weather is nice .
every morning , guests can enjoy breakfast at one of the many restaurants within walking distance of waterfront village .
guests staying in the apartments can prepare meals in the well - equipped kitchen .
hot shower facility is included in the private bathroom .
featuring a terrace , all units feature a seating and dining area .
retiro park is 2 km away .
there are also apartments available , equipped with kitchens , where you can prepare your own meals .
there is a cinema theatre 500 metres away .
located in a quiet area in the aurelio district , la bergerie offers colourful modern accommodation in rome . the property is 2 km from the vatican museums and st . peter ’ s square .
destinations on the cruise include soi sim beach or titop beach , where guests can go swimming .
facilities at the regente hotel include a fitness centre and car rental service .
this chic hotel is just a 15 - minute walk from taksim square and less than 5 minutes ’ walk away from istiklal street ’ s shops , cafés and restaurants .
bologna airport is a 35 - minute drive from the hotel .
the rooms are elegant , featuring classic dark wood interiors .
all elegantly furnished rooms are air - conditioned and equipped with cable tv . the modern bathrooms come with bath or shower .
a flat - screen tv is offered .
from the nearby jr shinagawa station , shibuya , harajuku and akihabara areas are all 15 minutes or less away by train . tokyo big sight convention centre and the roppongi area are both 5 . 5 km away , and the ginza area is 6 . 5 km away .
it offers self - catering accommodation with free wi - fi and bbq facilities in puerto iguazú .
free wi - fi is available in the apartment .
guests can relax in the shared lounge .
sharp mountain vineyards are 9 . 5 miles from the hotel .
the rooms come with minibars , safety deposit boxes and refrigerators .
sanyi airport is about 44 minutes ' drive away .
shops and restaurants can be found within 4 km .
there is also a free shuttle that brings guests downtown .
nazaré is 25 km from the property .
quintal do castelo offers the peace and quietness of the countryside and proximity to historical places like the silves castle which is 500 metres away .
a washing machine and a kitchen are provided .
palermo hollywood studio apartment is 1 . 5 km from plaza serrano square and hippodrome . museum of latin american art of buenos aires malba and aeroparque jorge newbery airport are 3 km away from the apartment .
set in a restored 18th - century building , this guesthouse in porto is a 5 - minute walk from city market bolhao and clerigos tower .
the bathrooms provide a hairdryer .
the makai hale offers snacks and lunch adjacent to the main pool .
norbit usługi noclegowe features free wifi .
a grocery shop can be found just 200 metres from the property , as can numerous restaurants , bars , cafés and boutiques .
at totorilla vichuquen guests will find a garden and a terrace .
boasting an outdoor swimming pool this fully furnished apartment is only 2 blocks from santa isabel metro station . guests can relax in the sauna room .
featuring free wifi , the house has a living room with sofas and a satellite tv , and a separate dining room .
free wifi is featured throughout the property .
guests can dine in the hotel ' s restaurant or enjoy a drink at the bar .
the bed and breakfast features a free private parking and a covered parking for bicycles .
a private bathroom is featured in each room , while some boast balconies overlooking the sea .
certain rooms feature a seating area for your convenience .
there are special meals for sportsmen and women .
the millstattcard is included in all rates , entitling to various discounts at local attractions .
it is 3 km to the historic oliwa district .
an en suite bathroom features a shower and towels .
direct buses go from tegel airport to adenauerplatz underground station , a 5 - minute walk from the apartment .
rooms at mamma cusco hostel feature a seating area and a private bathroom .
all rooms are fitted with a private bathroom fitted with a bidet .
henny ' s grill and bar has a full - service bar and is open for lunch and dinner .
the rooms also offer mountain views and views of the old medina .
car rental facilities are also available .
facilities for the air - conditioned rooms at pousada costa include a minibar , a tv with satellite channels and private bathroom with a hot shower .
located in ernen , apartment aragon ix ernen is a 40m2 accommodation . the property is 2 . 0 km from luftseilbahn fürgangen - bellwald and 2 . 1 km from lift ausser betrieb .
free wifi is available throughout the apartments .
the villa will provide you with a tv , a balcony and a terrace with dining area and bbq facilities .
split ferry provides daily connections with islands of hvar , brač , vis and korčula .
some units are air conditioned and include a seating area with a tv .
various water sports are available on the hotel ’ s private beach .
the pontifical catholic university of paraná , or puc - pr , is just 500 metres from the apartment . the botanical garden of curitiba is 2 km away .
all air - conditioned apartments feature a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher , a dining setting and laundry facilities .
spacious and comfortable , the apartments are air conditioned and feature a lounge with cable tv . each one has a kitchen with microwave and kettle , plus a bathroom with hairdryer .
free private parking is available .
it offers free private parking and rooms with a kettle .
the nearest airport is lensk airport , 6 km from economy hotel fortuna .
apartamenty centrum is ideally situated offering beautiful 1st - floor balcony views over the park and river below , only a 5 - minute walk from the old town of bydgoszcz .
the fügen apartment has a bedroom with a double and single bed , a living room , sofa bed , dining area , satellite tv , a balcony with views of the surrounding mountains and countryside , a kitchenette and bathroom .
the classic - style rooms at the near by all include a desk and telephone .
play a round at the elephant rocks golf course , view meteor crater or enjoy a ride on the grand canyon railway , all within driving distance .
the dothan country inn & suites by carlson is just a 15 - minute drive from the wiregrass museum of art . the dothan area botanical gardens are 15 . 2 miles away .
located in the heart of kiev city , the apartments are 50 metres from khreschatyk street .
the slide & splash water park is 6 . 8 km away .
a ski pass is available at the front desk .
free wifi is available throughout .
the parthénon hotel ’ s dynamic and professional team offer quality services and will be happy to help you 24 - hours a day .
the surrounding countryside is ideal for hiking and cycling , and it is 40 km to the city of koblenz .
each has satellite tv , a telephone and a private bathroom with shower .
a limited number of free public parking spaces are available in front of the property .
the rooms are equipped with a shared bathroom .
the property offers free parking .
some units have a dining area and / or terrace .
views of the river , garden or city are featured in certain rooms .
the city centre is a 5 - minute walk away .
low - cost rooms are offered in this hotel , and each one includes a flat - screen tv and free wifi access .
the air - conditioned rooms of la boutique - adult only feature elegant interiors and french balconies overlooking the mediterranean sea .
there is a fish cleaning place .
guests benefit from terrace .
the apartment will provide you with a tv , a balcony and a seating area .
just 700 metres from angelmo bay , house rocco backpacker is located in puerto montt .
located just 3 km from amba vilas palace or the mysore royal palace , mk fairmont luxury serviced apartment has a 24 - hour front desk and free wi - fi throughout the property .
apartment schullehrer enjoys a calm location 150 metres from the centre of kauns .
the property is located 20 - minute drive from pordenone and 17 km from maniago .
every room at hotel krasnodar features a desk and a private bathroom with a bath or shower .
it is a 5 - minute walk from various shopping , dining and entertaining venues , and a 10 - minute drive away from jakarta ’ s business area .
cerklje is the nearest bigger village , 7 km away , and features restaurants , bars and grocery stores .
punta cana international airport is 14 km from the property .
some have an ocean view , antique furnishings , four - poster beds , baths and real fires .
the hotel has a sun terrace and views of the sea , and guests can enjoy a drink at the bar .
towels are provided .
offering a sea - view balcony , there is a dining area and a kitchenette complete with an oven , a fridge and stovetop .
each air - conditioned unit features a safe , a tv and a kitchenette with dining area , fridge and cooking hobs .
budds beach offers a business centre and a tour desk for booking tours , theme park tickets and local attractions .
you can enjoy mountain view and garden view .
popular activities in the area include hiking , bowling ( the guesthouse has 2 bowling allees ) and mini golf .
located in castellammare del golfo , casa vacanze tramontana features self - catering accommodation with a modern décor .
mcmahon stadium is 10 km from rocky mountain homestay , while devonian gardens is 11 km from the property .
the kitchen facilities include a microwave , oven and kitchenware .
other facilities at kovalenko apartments include a sauna and hammam .
the lodge features a saltwater pool with surrounding patio , ideal for those looking to relax in comfort while soaking up the sun .
the apartments also have a fully equipped kitchen .
only 3 minutes ' drive from canton tower , meiru apartment hotel guangzhou bolin apartment is a self - catering accommodation located in guangzhou .
located in saint - maurice , le paris - vincennes is 50 metres from bois de vincennes and 8 km from the centre of paris .
the scenic town of kastoria is 25 km away .
the accommodation will provide you with a tv , satellite channels , woodburning stove , and a dvd player .
free private parking is possible on site .
bhimtal bus stand is 5 km away and pantnagar airport is 60 km from the inn .
the kitchen on site provides an oven and a refrigerator .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the hotel and guests can use a safety deposit box free of charge .
guests benefit from terrace . free wifi is available throughout the property .
all units include a dining area and a seating area with a flat - screen tv . there is also a kitchen , equipped with a fridge .
some rooms also have a private balcony and private bathroom .
birdwatching is also a popular activity in the region .
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave . the private bathroom has a shower , a hairdryer and a bidet .
the orlando premium outlets mall is less than 5 minutes ' drive from this upscale resort .
phuket international airport is a 45 - minute journey away by car .
located a few steps from the sandy beaches of riccione , hotel grazia offers free wi - fi in the hotel lobby .
located less than a 5 - minute walk from campanhã train station , casa de hóspedes das beiras offers a convenient location in porto .
the mississippi river is 350 metres away from the property .
the apartments and studios have a tv and free wi - fi access is available .
certain units have views of the sea or pool .
cagliari elmas airport is 30 km away .
situated in the heart of the normandy countryside , auberge saint martin offers comfortable rooms and serves regional cuisine in its traditional restaurant .
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower .
guests can relax with a light meal or a drink in the folly lounge bar .
a personal safe , satellite tv and a mini fridge are included .
the property offers free parking .
siesta key commerce district is 4 km away .
each room has a private entrance , a kitchenette and a view of the garden .
guests who drive can enjoy free parking space .
a flat - screen tv is offered .
rimini station is 2 km from the hotel , while riminifiera exhibition centre is 3 km away .
the tenebagolan is located in the town of had nes , in the golan heights .
angkor tropical resort is nestled within a garden .
sochi is 22 km from gostievoi dom u sati , while adler is 44 km away .
rooms at the super 8 hotel grapevine are equipped with hd expanded cable tv and free wi - fi .
private bathroom comes with a shower .
free wifi access is available .
guests can enjoy 5 - course meals and culinary events at the restaurant .
a flat - screen tv with cable channels is available as well as a work area and locker .
upper floor has 2 bedrooms and the bottom floor includes a living room , private bathroom and a kitchen .
the underwater observatory marine park is a 10 - minute taxi - ride away .
amenities include a flat - screen tv , a refrigerator and yukata robes .
daily maid service is included .
set in the centre of béziers , hôtel concorde features a 24 - hour reception and is located 900 metres from the beziers train station .
guests can enjoy local dishes at the onsite restaurant .
located in naxos , a paradise house in naxos features a garden and sun terrace . the white - washed house includes a balcony overlooking the sea .
private parking spaces are available on site free of charge .
the property offers free parking .
each room here will provide you with air conditioning and a minibar .
each room has a flat - screen tv and an en suite bathroom .
tradition , modern comfort and excellent service are what this family - run health and vitality hotel stand for . look forward to excellent cuisine and friendly staff , who will ensure you feel completely comfortable for the duration of your stay .
the hotel reception is located in the pocket & bok bookshop .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out hollywood bowl ( 2 . 4 km ) and hollywood sign ( 3 . 3 km ).
ski equipment hire is available at the property and the area is popular for skiing .
breakfast buffet is served daily .
a variety of rooms are available at nearalhambra , some with shared bathrooms featuring hydromassage showers .
free private parking is possible on site .
tarragona suites mirador is a villa with a terrace , located in tarragona , 4 . 3 km from marina tarragona .
with a rustic feel and wood beamed ceilings , every apartment features a seating area and dining table .
castiglioncello and its beaches are a 30 - minute drive away .
the in - house restaurant serves a variety of multi - cuisine dishes .
there is access to shared or private bathroom facilities .
you can play darts at the hostel .
elegantly decorated , the luxurious rooms of the hotel feature air conditioning , cable tv and free wi - fi .
a 10 - minute walk from the beach , lakeside gardens apartment is located in bogazici area of bodrum .
paradise kings club restaurant serves gourmet cuisine , while there is also a pool bar and an indoor lounge bar .
located just 500 metres from the lago di castello lake , rifugio alevè is 2 km from pontechianale .
the front desk operates around the clock , and ticket service is available .
offering a barbecue and terrace , ferienwohnung alter raaben is set in rüti . the accommodation features a hot tub ( from may to october ).
each room includes a flat - screen tv . all rooms have a shared bathroom .
queretaro international airport is a 40 - minute drive away .
the tryp madrid alameda aeropuerto hotel has a restaurant and a bar serving snacks and drinks .
located in alfama , one of lisbon ’ s most historical districts , this apartment features views over the city and over the tagus river .
the rooms are spacious , stylishly decorated and feature a led tv with digital channels , as well as a seating area with books .
fitted with tile / marble flooring each room comes with private bathroom .
every unit features a private bathroom with a bidet and a hairdryer .
residence boschetto is set in a small building 30 metres from the pedestrian - only area in the centre of bibione , and 200 metres from the beach .
el arenal beach is only 4 km away and portixol beach is 7 km away .
the living room is outfitted with a tv , dvd - player and a cd - player .
the property is 700 metres from sopot railway station and about 800 metres from the beach .
guests are welcome to use the spa facilities for an extra charge .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling and hiking .
high - quality evening meals can also be provided , and the hotel also has a bar , dining area and function room for larger events .
the closest bus station can be reached within 300 metres and a 5 - minute walk will take you to the local supermarket and the restaurant .
a buffet breakfast is served every morning at the hotel restaurant , the amadeus , which specialises in old polish and european dishes .
the property also offers grocery delivery .
an lcd tv , refrigerator , hairdryer and electric kettle are provided in each room .
the apartment is on the 2nd floor and is not served by a lift .
the resort has 2 bookable saunas by the beach .
as well as air conditioning and free wifi access , all of the spacious rooms at vatica b & b roma come with a tv and a balcony .
bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for golfing .
the hotel also provides in - room coffeemakers and satellite tv .
there is a seating area and a kitchen .
alessandria is a 20 - minute drive away .
extras include a safety deposit box .
the city of limassol is at a distance of 55 km , while larnaca international airport is approximately 70 km away .
breakfast is served daily at a nearby café .
staff can provide information on the area .
at departamento en condominio licanray - rancagua guests will find a garden . activities in the surrounding area include cycling .
the apartments each provide you with a dining area and a sofa .
the nearest airport is catania fontanarossa airport , 48 km from the property .
en suite bathrooms offer a hairdryer , shower facilities and free toiletries .
opening to a balcony , all studios and 2 - bedroom apartments of angelo come with a flat - screen tv with satellite channels . each has a kitchenette with dining table and mini oven with cooking hobs .
the spires of the church of our lady before týn can be seen in the background .
each room here will provide you with air conditioning and a seating area .
this small hotel is located in akademgorodok district of novosibirsk , 20 km south of the city centre .
apartment sundern - langscheid - 02 offers pet - friendly accommodation in sundern .
the nearest airport is rijeka airport , 11 km from the property .
overlooking meredith bay , this restored 19th - century linen mill combines old - world charm with modern amenities including free wi - fi .
the apartment is located on the ground floor and comes with a bathroom and a kitchen .
the national zoo is 8 km from the silver spring sheraton .
located a 5 - minute drive from shenzhen lianhuashan park , the non - smoking vienna hotel fuhua branch offers 24 - hour front desk and accommodation with free internet access .
the bathroom comes with a shower and a toilet .
jimena de la frontera is set on the outskirts of los alcornocales nature reserve , an ideal setting for hiking and cycling .
apartments szafarnia are housed in the monitored szafarnia complex , within a 5 - minute walk of the many historic monuments .
moi international airport is about 75 km away .
featuring free wifi throughout the property , dioskuria hotel offers accommodation in sukhum , just opposite of freedom park .
there is also a terrace and a garden .
the property offers free parking .
the restaurant serves german and international cuisine , and a selection of wines is available .
the hotel also offers a 24 - hour reception .
rascioni & cecconello offers free parking .
qingdao railway station is a 46 - minute drive away .
each modern bedroom has a microwave , fridge and armchair .
an hourly ski bus takes you from the hotel to the plan de corones ski slopes , 25 km away .
private bathrooms come with a shower , hairdryer , slippers and free toiletries .
the property is 7 km from maquehue airport .
the property offers free parking .
nothing is too much trouble for the dynamic team of staff at world village .
situated across from the beach of limassol , the 3 - bedroom avalon beach apartment offers modern decoration , free wi - fi and furnished balcony with mediterranean sea views .
the kitchen includes an oven , microwave and refrigerator .
dishes from aosta valley can be enjoyed at lunch and dinner .
forte da oura ’ s reception is staffed 24 hours per day .
there is a café serving drinks and traditional galician dishes .
car rental , a shuttle service , and free parking at a nearby location is also possible .
guests are welcome to make special breakfast requests .
each room offers garden views and a private bathroom .
this hotel is 1 minute from highway 15 .
the en suite bathroom has a hairdryer .
bike hire and car hire are available at the property and the area is popular for golfing .
apartments sanvilla also includes a hot tub and offers massage treatments .
vilas bhim is 1 . 8 km from the central museum and the lively bapu bazaar .
you can also eat outside on the terrace or relax in front of the open fireplace in the cosy lounge area .
just a 2 - minute walk from jr akita station , the toyoko inn higashi - guchi offers air - conditioned rooms with free wi - fi . it provides chargeable massages , a launderette and free - use computers and a printer .
le jardin des sitelles is located in redon in the brittany region , just 1 . 4 km from redon abbey .
all rooms at pousada estacao do sol feature a private balcony with a hammock and scenic views .
its guests can enjoy slovak and hungarian cuisine , as well as fish and grill specialities .
for more than 20 years , the hotel & restaurant bei hölzchen has spoilt its guests with its cosy accommodation , hearty regional cuisine and friendly atmosphere .
deribasovskaya street is a 10 - minute walk away , city garden is a 12 - minute walk , and the odessa museum of numismatics is a 15 - minute walk from the property .
a buffet - style breakfast is prepared daily and guests can take advantage of the room service .
situated in tomsk , this apartment features free wifi . guests benefit from balcony .
this is the perfect place to spend the day with all the family , enjoying the sunbathing and taking cooling dips in the pool .
the city partner hotel amadeo has contemporary - style rooms and apartments with cable tv , a seating area , and a desk .
the restaurant specialises in regional cuisine .
the terrace includes barbecue facilities and an outdoor dining table .
all are available at an added fee .
located in villány , in the barany wine region , eckhardt vendégház offers free wifi and a free shuttle service from the train and bus station , 1 . 4 km away .
this pet and children friendly property offers ski storage and is surrouned by a deer park .
it has an open plan kitchen including a stove , microwave and refrigerator .
the bright guest units are decorated with warm colours and fitted with white linens on the beds . all of club resort atlantis ’ s rooms are spacious and air conditioned .
the area provides many hiking opportunities with varying degrees of difficulty .
each week , a new lunchtime menu is available .
staff at the 24 - hour front desk can provide tourist information about the area .
wine glasses , a wine opener , a keurig coffee and tea - making machine is provided in each uniquely - decorated guest room at the alder inn .
air conditioning is included and every room offers ironing facilities and an en suite bathroom with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
located in kigali , galaxy hotel features an outdoor swimming pool and free wifi throughout the property .
apartment with city view is an apartment situated in saint petersburg , 2 . 3 km from lenexpo exhibition complex .
balcony on sixth lodge is just a 3 - minute walk from murray bridge railway station .
some rooms at mini - hotel gosti have a tv with cable channels and a sea view .
the fully - equipped kitchens include a stove , oven , refrigerator and microwave .
the bavarian bar and restaurant serves a wide range of meals with bavarian beers on tap .
the complex offers free wi - fi and free parking .
free parking spaces are available outside the hotel goldflair am rathaus .
khazret sultan mosque is 400 metres from g - room apartments highvill , while palace of independence is 600 metres from the property .
rooms are fitted with a tv and minibar . shower facilities are included in an en suite bathroom .
a heated storage room with a ski boot dryer is provided for your ski equipment .
only 10 metres away from the sea , these family - run apartments are located in the small village of milna on the southern shore of the island of hvar , 4 km away from the town of hvar .
all of the best western premier parkhotel bad mergentheim ’ s tastefully furnished rooms feature a balcony or a loggia , a flat - screen tv and free wi - fi .
all rooms at fjellpensjonat helgatun feature views of the kvan valley and the mountains .
private bathroom also comes with a shower .
there is also a kitchen equipped with an oven and microwave as well as a kettle . toaster , a refrigerator , and a stovetop .
the private bathroom comes with a shower and hairdryer .
the apartment is 5 km from vyšehrad .
all the rooms are bright and and decorated with light colour tones .
it has a café and is set close to the city ’ s bars and restaurants .
business guests will find here a meeting room with a capacity of up to 70 persons , equipped with a 55 " tv screen , microphone , speakers , multimedia projector and screen , laptop and paper materials .
it also includes an additional bathroom , a comfortable dining area and a dvd player .
apartment sammartini is located in milan , 700 metres from the train station .
due to group policy , hotel may not accept bookings for 10 or more rooms .
a continental breakfast is served in the morning at this smoke - free property .
each includes a private bathroom , and a hairdryer is available on request .
most of them open onto the garden and offer views of the green areas .
camping des hautes grées is set 3 km from the centre of erquy and the beach .
there is a trendy lobby bar , as well as the rooftop pool bar .
santos dumont airport is a 1 km distance , while galeao international airport is located 14 km away .
faleolo international airport is a 1 - hour and 30 - minute drive away .
this simply furnished apartment features a balcony , a kitchen , and a flat - screen tv with dvd player .
certain rooms have views of the mountain or garden .
centrally located in rome , trastevere luxury loft is 200 metres from st maria in trastevere basilica .
offering a restaurant , long beach guest house is located in hikkaduwa .
each one has a private bathroom with a hairdryer .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out snowy mountains ( 9 . 1 km ).
featuring a shower , the private bathrooms also come with free toiletries and a hairdryer .
the full kitchen is furnished with a microwave and an oven .
a sicilian breakfast made with homemade products can be enjoyed outdoors on the terrace .
the property provides air - conditioned accommodation with free wifi access .
set around an outdoor pool , all rooms here have a balcony . facilities include an outdoor hot tub .
guests can make use of bike rental service to explore around .
offering spa facilities , an idyllic terrace , and classical - style rooms with flat - screen tv , this 4 - star - superior hotel stands in neustrelitz in the mecklenburg lake district .
fluently - conversed in malay , thai and english , the friendly host can assist with tours and sightseeing arrangements .
start your day with a generous breakfast served in the breakfast room or enjoy it from the comfort of your own room .
the modern apartment has a balcony and a sofa . guests can cook in the kitchenette with a stove , microwave and fridge .
the apartments offer a kitchen with a dining area , a tv , and a private bathroom with a hairdryer .
astana international airport is 15 km away .
greet the morning with the breakfast buffet in the breakfast room .
explorer ' s rest features free wifi throughout the property .
the kitchenette is fully equipped , while the bathroom comes fitted with a shower and includes free toiletries .
the sefton hotel also boasts a tranquil pool and a library where guests can relax with a drink or a book .
an outdoor pool is available along with billiards at shucker ’ s dockside grill .
puerto viejo bus station offers direct links to limon and san josé .
breakfast is available in the cafeteria nearby and you can find many restaurants and bars in the immediate surroundings of the old town charming apartment .
pousada residencial flores is 2 km from praia do santinho beach , 9 km from praia brava beach and walking distance to bars , restaurants and shops .
other facilities include electric heating and underfloor heating in the bathrooms .
the villa also offers balconies and a large garden .
free wifi access is available .
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower and bidet in each unit .
each kitchen includes a stove top , a nespresso coffee machine and kitchenware .
the rooms are fitted with a flat - screen tv .
its location allows easy access to the city centre .
vernazza is one of the stunning cinque terre villages , all reachable via boat or train .
this chelsea district , manhattan hotel is within a 15 - minute walk of madison square garden .
private bathroom also comes with a shower .
frankfurt ' s rhein main airport is only 5 kilometres away .
each one has a private bathroom with hairdryer and toiletries .
some rooms include a balcony or terrace .
all rooms are fitted with a private bathroom .
rooms are fitted with a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
the private bathrooms are fitted with a bath or a shower .
there is a full a kitchenette with a microwave and kitchenware .
guests can enjoy the parkschlössl ’ s own mini - golf course .
it boasts modern suites and free wifi access is available throughout .
hotel vele rosse provides a 24 - hour front desk service and offers valet parking .
the private bathroom is complete with a hairdryer and a bath or shower .
it offers massage services , 3 restaurants and a tour desk .
room service options are also available .
situated less than one block from the attractions of colonial williamsburg , virginia , this property offers an outdoor swimming pool and free on - site parking .
offering spacious rooms and apartments with free internet , a modern sauna , and a rich breakfast buffet , this hotel in mönchengladbach is 700 metres from the historic münsterchurch .
guests are invited to enjoy breakfast every morning at le manoir de herouville .
a wide variety of bars and restaurants can be found in the area .
varna airport is located 62 km away .
the nearest airport is hyères airport , 53 km from the property .
meals can be enjoyed in the privacy of guestrooms .
located in quettensberg on a south - facing slope , within 25 minutes ’ drive from the zell am see - kaprun and schi arena pasturn ski resorts , appartment lerch offers a fully furnished accommodation with a garden , a seating area and views on the hohe tauern mountain range .
the apartments will provide you with a flat - screen tv , air conditioning and a terrace . there is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and microwave .
the apartments are elegantly decorated in warm colours and feature patterned wallpapers .
it is about 40 minutes from dresden , chemnitz or the czech border .
some rooms feature a seating area for your convenience .
it offers a furnished terrace , free wifi in public areas and air - conditioned rooms .
certain rooms feature a seating area for your convenience .
set amongst 2 acres of land , it features free wi - fi and free parking .
the hotel enjoys views of the picturesque harbour and bay of ca ́ n picafort .
cyclists on the elbradweg ( river elbe cycling trail ) can safely store their bicycles for free at the sudenburger hof .
free parking is provided at the hotel .
a flat - screen tv with satellite channels , as well as a cd player are available .
you will find a shared lounge at the property .
this holiday park is situated on åland island , 12 km from central godby .
dali feierwan cang mountain holiday is 26 minutes ' drive from dali railway station and minutes ' drive from 43 dali airport .
you will find a gift shop at the property .
their en suite bathrooms are fitted with shower facilities .
the property offers free parking .
specialises in grilled seafood , while cocktails are available at the tree house .
other facilities offered at the property include a tour desk .
generous full english breakfasts are served daily in the bright and airy dining room , featuring quality local produce .
a shared hot tub is offered at windswept on the trent – campbellford for guest relaxation .
featuring free wi - fi throughout , chiaja loft is located in the historic centre of naples . piazza del plebiscito square is a 5 - minute walk away .
the property is ideally located for bush - walking and hiking .
providing a tranquil environment , the bungalows in cabañas valle del paraiso feature kitchens , tvs , air conditioning and bbq facilities .
leisure activities in the area include fishing and sailing on lake forggensee ( 2 km ) or hiking on tegelberg mountain ( 3 km ).
staff are available 24 hours a day and can recommend restaurants nearby .
at beryozka guest house you will find a 24 - hour front desk and a bar . other facilities offered at the property include ski storage and laundry facilities .
the spacious air - conditioned rooms open out to a private balcony with outdoor seating .
each room here will provide you with a flat - screen tv and air conditioning .
other on - site facilities include ski and bicycle storage room , as well as free private parking .
wifi access is free in public areas .
bangkok city hotel is 600 metres from bts - phaya thai station , 1 . 5 km from pratunam platinum fashion mall and 1 . 9 km from central world plaza mall .
for other meals you can sample traditional , corsican cuisine in the restaurant at the osteria a stalla sischese .
bike hire and car hire are available at this hotel and the area is popular for snorkeling .
offering an outdoor pool and a restaurant , djibson hotels is located in cotonou .
rooms at the aljandar are brightly decorated and offer sea or garden views from their balconies .
rooms at aux beaux buis come with a dvd player and a modern , private bathroom with free toiletries .
all accommodation offers a tv and electric blankets .
noibai international airport is 21 km from the hotel .
guests may also rent a car to explore the area .
the nearest train station is reachable within 2 km .
a free shuttle service takes guests to jesolo bus station , with connecting buses to venice marco polo airport .
offering sweeping views of the sea , the restaurant serves thai , western and fresh seafood dishes .
wi - fi access is available at an additional charge .
guests are welcome to enjoy free wi - fi .
they also have a private bathroom with a shower , hairdryer and free toiletries .
at finca en anapoima you will find a terrace and a shared lounge .
free wi - fi is available throughout .
free private parking is also possible on site .
the property is at a 35 - minute drive from kandy city .
guests can read a book in the library , or make use of the imac computer in the hotel ' s study .
lipno nad vltavou can be found within 30 km .
at the ritz - carlton dubai , guests can experience varieties of themed restaurants ranging from flavors of asia , arabia and the mediterranean including the new beach restaurant palm grill overlooking the arabian gulf .
the nearest airport is goa international airport , 18 km from oyo premium muncipal garden margao .
located in wendlebury near bicester , merton grounds farm bed & breakfast boasts a fully heated indoor pool , a sauna and gym equipment .
modena is 45 km from the property , while bologna can be reached in less than 1 . 5 hours ’ drive .
overlooking the adriatic sea , it offers free wi - fi and air - conditioned accommodation with furnished balconies .
free parking is possible on site .
a rich breakfast buffet awaits you each morning , giving you all the energy you need for a fun - filled day in this beautiful holiday and health resort .
towels and bed linen are available in this apartment .
an outdoor swimming pool surrounded by lounge chairs and shaded tables is featured at wyndham garden lafayette .
they are equipped with cable tv and a minibar , and bathrobes and slippers are provided .
a tv is offered .
amfibius water park is 2 . 2 km from delphin apartments .
the museum of kysuce village and the historical railway in vychylovka can be reached within 15 km . the town of žilina is 25 km away .
wi - fi is free in public areas .
free wifi access is available in this holiday home .
the rooms at hotel aneto feature tiled floors and simple décor .
several bars , restaurants and shops are within 5 minutes ’ walk of hostal alhambra .
extras include towels , a safety deposit box and a washing machine .
the apartment features a dining area , a tv , private bathroom and a fully equipped kitchen .
all are equipped with air conditioning , cable tv and en suite bathrooms .
fitted with parquet floor , this air - conditioned apartment of costa comes with 2 separate bedrooms . featuring a balcony , it has a living room with a tv , as well as an open - plan kitchen with dining area and oven with cooking hobs .
located 2 . 5 km from norton simon museum , this completely non - smoking pasadena b & b offers free wifi and free guest parking .
elementos is 1 block from pucon bus station .
free wi - fi is available in public areas .
guests will be 24 . 3 miles from talladega superspeedway .
continental breakfast is served every morning at the property ' s restaurant .
guests enjoy free private parking and car rental services .
free parking is available in the surrounding area and a shuttle bus is available on request to a local destination of your choice .
the garden is fitted with deck chairs . here , guests can relax in warm months .
each unit comes with a private bathroom with a bath or shower and bathrobes .
alternatively , there are also many restaurants located within walking distance of the hotel .
the nearest airport is ankara esenboga airport , 26 km from seven deep hotel .
the closer ski slopes are 30 metres away .
bright and air conditioned , the apartments at le vigne come with wooden furnishings .
lisbon international airport is a 40 - minute drive from ymca camp - parque ambiental do alambre .
the friendly staff at downtown apartments is always happy to help you with information or special requests .
private bathroom comes with a shower .
the rooms are equipped with a private bathroom .
set 1 . 5 km from mapambano primary school in dar es salaam , riverview hotels apartment features a restaurant and free wifi throughout the property .
all simple rooms are provided with shared bathrooms .
p . m . apartman in balatonlelle is located 300 metres from lake balaton and 400 metres from napfény beach .
all rooms are equipped with a tv and a minibar . the bathrooms come with a shower , hairdryer and a toilet .
all rooms feature air conditioning , a flat - screen tv and free wi - fi .
a daily continental breakfast with eggs , bagels , and rotating hot items is served at this hotel .
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven .
this property is 5 minutes ’ drive from el chamizal park and 1 km from the benito juárez monument .
this modern hotel is located next to plaza del arenal square in central jerez , just 100 metres from the town hall and alcázar .
homemade cakes , jams and savoury items are served every morning at the breakfast buffet .
this pet - friendly accommodation is set in fortuna , costa rica .
the restaurant just below the residence serves traditional french cuisine and moroccan specialities .
every apartment is air - conditioned and equipped with a flat - screen cable tv and dvd player .
classic afternoon tea is served daily in the rudenbar and the stars bar features live piano music every day . a smoker ' s lounge is available and open all day .
located on the rice terraces of sidemen valley , samanvaya offers a peaceful getaway an hour ’ s drive from ubud .
guests are welcome to prepare meals in the modern , well - equipped kitchen , which includes a coffee machine , dishwasher and dining area .
myrtle beach state park is 16 km from the suites monterey bay .
the bahnstraße underground station is next to the hotel , and the city centre is 8 km away .
wrocław opera is 3 . 7 km from apartament gabi , while galeria dominikańska shopping centre is 4 km from the property .
the strunjan nature reserve is 4 km away .
guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant . private parking is available on site .
this modern spa hotel is located in the old lapinniemi cotton mill , just 1 . 5 kilometres from tampere ’ s centre .
angoulême train station is a 35 - minute drive from the b & b .
room service can be arranged upon request .
in summer the surroundings of hotel waldfrieden are ideally suited for hiking , mountain biking , and water sports .
the můstek metro stop is 700 metres from the property and the národní divadlo tram stop is a 2 - minute walk away .
superior rooms include a spa bath or a sauna . a tv is provided .
staff can assist guests with car rentals and laundry requests .
just a 5 - minute drive from jomo kenyatta international airport and offering a free airport shuttle service , nairobi airport hotel features a 24 - hour font desk and free private parking .
this hotel is 800 metres from the beach and a 2 - minute walk from etretat casino .
blue church is 800 metres from kristály apartman , while heart of jesus church is 100 metres from the property .
private bathroom has a hairdryer and free toiletries .
it features an on - site restaurant , barbecue facilities and rooms with free wired internet .
the building also includes a ski storage room .
this private townhome features a fully - equipped kitchen , private screened - in pool , and spa bath .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
the rincón de la magdalena apartments occupy a traditional house in this historic city .
reus airport is 8 km away .
the offa ' s dyke path is about 800 metres away and there are many walking paths in the local area .
burgas airport is 30 km away .
guest rooms are decorated in tuscan colors and offer free wi - fi .
located in the bandar hilir city centre , harbour is a 5 - minute drive from red house and jonker walk , which features a lively night market .
the family - run hotel vodisek is situated in the business centre of koper , near the sports hall and the stadium .
restaurants and cafes are 1 km away .
free private parking is available at aktivhotel veronika .
it offers free lobby wi - fi and a restaurant serving international cuisine plus trentino specialities .
a flat - screen tv is available .
guests can relax in the seating area with a cd player and satellite tv .
all rooms include free wifi , a seating area and an en suite bathroom at yosemite sierra view bed & breakfast . rooms are styled in wood furnishings .
with its hilltop position in the hamlet of montepertuso and right above positano , le ghiande b & b offers a patio with 6 - seater hot tub and free wi - fi .
the magellan offers classically furnished rooms with free wi - fi and satellite tv . each comes with a work desk and a modern bathroom with a shower and a hairdryer .
it also features a large sun deck fitted with sun loungers and an outdoor shower .
an italian breakfast is served daily and includes hot drinks , croissants and pastries .
the bar is the perfect place for a relaxing evening drink .
evening entertainment is also provided .
meneres motel is a 10 - minute walk from corowa rsl club and the local shops .
noel ’ s on - site café serves homemade dishes and russian specialities .
situated just 20 minutes ' drive from the beaches of the costa de luz , this hotel is decorated in cheerful colours with a very pleasant glass - roofed lounge and a typically andalusian central courtyard .
this holiday home is 30 km from viracopos international airport .
the hotel is located in fethiye city centre with many restaurant and shop opportunities nearby .
each includes a tv and a private bathroom with hairdryer and toiletries .
lac - mégantic golf club is less than 3 km away .
the hotel offers a heated indoor pool and rooms with a flat - screen tv .
la moraleja hotel is just opposite golf park golf course , which includes tennis courts .
guests can also enjoy karaoke , or shop at the mini - market on site .
hôtel le paris brest is situated in the centre of lens , directly opposite lens train station .
decorated in bright colours , posh villa opens to a patio and balcony , and comes with 2 lounge areas , both with a flat - screen tv and dvd player .
please note : the reception desk is closed after 21 : 00 .
the popular shops , bars and restaurants of york are within a few minutes ’ walk .
all bungalows at moon island feature a terrace with a sea view .
offering free wifi in public areas and a garden , apartments siebnerhof is a self - catering accommodation located in san candido , innichen . the property is 400 metres from haunold chairlift .
each of the contemporary - style rooms at the days inn dresden includes satellite tv , a work desk , and a modern bathroom .
towels and bed linen are available at bulhotel green apartment .
international dishes can be ordered at the property ’ s restaurant , and drinks from the bar can be enjoyed in the garden .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with free toiletries .
fitted with tiled flooring , the modern air - conditioned rooms feature cable tv and a private bathroom with toiletries .
please note that the hotel does not accept anyone under the age of 18 years .
all enjoy private balconies and some lead directly onto the bolero ' s gardens .
they are provided with a flat - screen cable tv , a seating area and a fridge .
a buffet breakfast is served each morning in the breakfast room .
every room at this resort is air conditioned and comes with a flat - screen tv with satellite channels . all units have a balcony , seating area , dining area , outdoor furniture and a walk - in closet for your convenience . the rooms are also equipped with a mini bar and an electric kettle .
the nearest airport is kirkwall airport , 15 miles from buxa farm chalets .
you can also sample wines from the on - site wine cellar .
just a minute ’ s walk from local dining options , tambunan inn is a 30 - minute drive from crocker range and mahua waterfall .
free parking is available on site .
featuring a private , furnished balcony and a contemporary design , each air - conditioned room includes a flat - screen cable tv . the private bathroom includes a modern walk - in shower and free toiletries .
some apartments have a raised sleeping area .
durban city centre is 6 km away .
małdyty is 46 km from ariadna , while ostróda is 27 km away .
the nearest airport is naples international airport , 19 km from b & b casa famiglia bellavista .
bakeries , convenience stores and many restaurants can be found within 500 metres .
rooms at quinta do lagar are simply furnished . they provide heating , tvs and en suite bathrooms .
each room at golden park hotel ribeirão preto has a 26 " lcd tv with cable channels .
kovalam is 28 km from thawakkul residence , while kollam is 42 km away .
the kitchen is equipped with a washing machine , microwave , dishwasher and oven .
with garden and mountain views , this heated apartment is equipped with a tv , a simple kitchenette and a private bathroom with shower and bidet .
anastasia home offers pet - friendly accommodation in florence , 900 metres from santa maria novella and 1 . 1 km from strozzi palace .
main bus and train station is just 300 metres away , and ljubljana airport is at a distance of 25 km .
offering a year - round outdoor pool and hot tub , idyll suites - adults only is located in playa del cura in the gran canaria region .
a dining table , seating area and laundry facilities are also included .
best western star champs elysées welcomes you 24 / 7 with multilingual staff .
la casa di kiki offers accommodation in finale ligure , 250 metres from the brach . the unit is 6 km from baia dei saraceni .
a private bathroom and flat - screen lcd tv with dvd player are included in all garlands rooms .
offering free wi - fi access , timbis homestay bali offers accommodations in nusa dua .
restaurants , bars , and shops are within 500 metres of the property .
a dishwasher and coffee machine are also provided .
guests can enjoy a drink in the bar at hotel mansart .
these modern - designed cottages are located on the island of tjörn , about 500 metres from the kattegat sea .
as of summer 2013 , the silvretta all inclusive card will be included in all rates during summer season .
the private bathrooms include a shower , hairdryer and free toiletries .
the three bedroom apartment comes with a kitchen , a living / dining area and a bathroom .
it is an ideal starting point for excursions in the leventina and blenio valleys .
free private parking is available on site .
you may find 7 - 11 convenience store less than 100 metres away from the hotel entrance .
the international airport of larnaca is at a distance of 65 km .
situated among vineyards , the recently renovated complex orizontes hotel offers accommodation with views of the sea and the caldera .
a continental breakfast is served .
7days inn beijing liujiayao station is located in beijing .
shops , nightlife and cardiff central rail station are all 10 minutes ’ walk away .
relax and unwind at larissa spa centre featuring an indoor pool , a steam room and a sauna .
it features a fully equipped shared kitchen , and warsaw main station is a 5 - minute walk away .
located 100 metres from 5 soles beach , taormina hotel offers free wi - fi and buffet breakfast in pinamar .
xiamen conference & exhibition centre is 17 km from xiamen blue sky apartment , while dongdu wharf is 21 km away . the nearest airport is gaoqi airport , 14 km from xiamen blue sky apartment .
breakfast is available from 07 : 00 each morning .
at jewar al mashaer hotel you will find a 24 - hour front desk .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , you can enjoy a seafront walk along the promenade and reach paceville and st . julian ' s , which are popular for their restaurants and nightclubs .
theodore roosevelt national park is 101 km from riverside inn .
modern décor and hardwood flooring feature throughout the guest rooms at ibis dongguan dongcheng .
casapepe is situated a 9 - minute walk from daehakno ( university street ), where dining , arts and entertainment options reside .
rooms at samson hotel are air - conditioned , comfortably furnished and most have separate seating areas .
guests can relax at the lounge area by the fireplace , choose a book from the property ' s wide selection or play a board game .
o ' hare airport is located 26 km away .
this holiday home boasts a terrace and bbq facilities .
a flat - screen tv with satellite channels is featured .
theos village enjoys an enviable location almost halfway between the city of chania and the resorts of agia marina and platanias .
located 1 mile off interstate 71 , this mansfield , ohio motel features free wi - fi access and a daily continental breakfast .
it is 5 minutes from notre dame cathedral and the chic saint - germain - des - prés district .
a public bus stop with lines around zadar is just a few steps away .
guests can enjoy a lake and city view .
offering free private parking , tata guest house also features free wifi throughout the property .
pension jodlbauer is located in the quiet region of schöllnach , on foot of the mountain brotjacklriegel , offering panoramic views .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
free wifi is available , and the museum of the late middle ages is located in the attic .
a 5 - minute walk to lourdes groto , the resort has an outdoor pool .
a fridge and kettle are also featured .
the rooms come with a balcony , a tv , and a spa bath in the private external bathroom .
a variety of bars , restaurants and supermarkets can also be found in the surrounding area .
offering an outdoor pool and a seafront restaurant , mariposa beach suites is located right on the beach in placencia .
nestled on a 17 - acre hillside estate , chateau mont clair features free wi - fi , included breakfast and a helicopter pad .
the tavola rotonda hotel has large gardens .
a hairdryer is available at reception .
the old town of sozopol is a 15 - minute walk away , as well as sozopol bus station .
free parking is provided , and killarney and the lakes of killarney are just a 15 - minute drive away .
featuring an on - site outdoor pool , this self - catering accommodation is located beachfront in porto de galinhas and offers a private beach area .
wi - fi internet access is available for an additional fee .
ghent christmas market is 400 metres from lily rose , while castle of gerald the devil is 100 metres from the property .
at the pleasant villa , guests can indulge in massage treatments or relax with a drink at the sun deck .
the nearest airport is split airport , 15 km from the property .
guests can enjoy a hammam , a sauna and thalassotherapy treatments at reduced rate at a spa located a 15 - minute walk from the hotel .
it also offers 2 bars , 2 restaurants and a separate breakfast room , semi - olympic pool ( with coverage and heating in winter ), outdoor pool for children , tennis courts , gardens , ample parking and direct access to a private beach .
shymbulak is 27 km from da hostel almaty , the ascension cathedral is 2 . 2 km from da hostel almaty , while almaty central park is 1 , 2 km away .
the property offers free parking and bicycle rentals .
hotel cristina overlooks the wonderful bay of naples and mount vesuvius .
each room is fitted with a private bathroom equipped with a bath or shower .
the spacious , private bathrooms include walk - in showers and free toiletries .
the nearest airport is tenerife sur airport , 27 km from the property .
horse riding is possible 500 metres away .
tanei ’ s spacious air - conditioned rooms feature cable tv , a safe and modern khmer - style décor . for convenience , an electric kettle and fridge are provided .
the property also offers grocery delivery .
free wifi is available throughout .
the contemporary - style and air - conditioned studio has sloping ceilings and outdoor dining area .
free toiletries and a hairdryer are available in a bathroom .
some of the rooms feature a private balcony .
dworek biesiadny is situated in the area of the rogaliński landscape park and offers wonderful views of the village and nearby meadows .
car rentals and dry cleaning services are also available .
the hotel is an ideal base for exploring the beautiful copper canyon region .
the gym ’ s fitness instructors can advise and help guests reach their goals .
some have a balcony .
offering a year - round outdoor pool , a sun terrace and terrific sea views , sanya yi jia seaview holiday apartment offers cosy , relaxing guestrooms with free wifi .
this truckee town centre hotel offers free wi - fi and a daily continental breakfast .
the hostel also offers bike hire .
holiday home bygmarken sjølund xii is located in sønder bjert . the nearest city , kolding is 15 km away .
a flat - screen tv is provided .
free on - site parking is provided .
a train and a bus station are 200 metres away .
the studio consists of a balcony with views of the mountains , a seating area with a tv and a sofa , a double bed and a bathroom with a shower . the kitchenette also provides a dining area .
free wifi is provided and free private parking is available on site .
you can enjoy a mountain and river view from the room .
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a ceramic hob , oven , microwave and dishwasher .
free wi - fi access is also provided .
the nearest airport is simferopol airport , 32 km from hotel u piter .
room facilities include air conditioning , satellite tv , hairdryer , fridge and private balcony .
the antalya airport is 60 km away and the hotel has car rental service .
feel free to relax on our patio .
a tour desk is available to make travel arrangements or sightseeing .
there is a seating area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher and a microwave .
situated just 50 metres from la enramada beach in tenerife , h10 costa adeje palace features large outdoor pools , a hot tub and spa .
located 300 metres from kefalos beach in kos , maritsa apartments offers self - catered rooms with a furnished balcony overlooking the aegean sea .
rooms at this homestay has a private entrance , ceiling fan , flat screen tv and cable channels .
free private parking is available on site .
set in the centre of bibione , condominio shedir is just 350 metres from the sandy beach .
rooms at the hotel come with choices of a fan or air - conditioning . there is a cable tv and an en suite bathroom in each room .
toulouse airport is 20 minutes away and the centre of toulouse is a 10 - minute drive away .
santa flavia train station is 3 km away and palermo airport is 30 km from the property .
there is a private bathroom with a bath .
casa tea is set in albori , a 10 - minute drive from vietri sul mare and 10 km from salerno .
there is an on - site restaurant and a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
each room offers a view of the mountains or the garden .
facing south , the modern stockholm checkin apartments fridhemsplan gets plenty of natural light .
almaty train station is about 1 . 5 km away .
it has its own garden .
just 300 metres from hampstead underground station , la gaffe features a stylish restaurant and wine bar .
international dishes can be ordered at the property ’ s restaurant .
the on site restaurant serves a wide variety of local dishes .
free private parking is available on site .
a bus stops right next to the house and free wi - fi is available .
the nearest airport is pulkovo airport , 8 km from peterhof city airport apartment .
hotel la spezia - gruppo minihotel is a 15 - minute tram ride from milan cathedral .
simply - furnished rooms at topaz residence are equipped with air conditioning , soundproofing and a flat - screen tv with satellite channels . rooms come with a seating area with outdoor furniture and a private bathroom fitted with a bath or shower .
the tarzania rope park and brezina lesopark are reachable within 500 metres . the trenciansky castle is situated 1 km from the property .
stainbank nature reserve is 11 km from the meritus , while kings park athletics stadium is 11 km from the property .
other facilities offered at the property include entertainment staff and a games room .
opatija port is 500 metres from one - bedroom apartment in opatija , while the open air summer theater in opatija is 600 metres from the property .
it offers a sauna and air - conditioned rooms with a flat - screen tv and mini fridge .
boasting a modern and colourful décor , condominio terrazzo ondina offers an outdoor pool with panoramic sea views and an indoor pool .
situated by european route e18 , heimat brokelandsheia is within 10 minutes ’ drive of gjerstad .
it has an outdoor pool , a hot tub and fitness centre and a restaurant with a bar .
tastefully decorated apartments with free wifi can be enjoyed just 1 block from valdivia ’ s subway station .
accepting only mainland chinese citizens , eaka 365 hotel dalian ganjingzi street offers accommodation in dalian .
offering a private beach area and a swimming pool , ananthaya beach is located on rekewa beach in tangalle and provides 24 - hour front desk for the convenience of the guests . free wifi access is available in the public areas of this resort .
alternatively , the kitchens are all equipped with ovens and microwaves .
located in central härnösand , this b & b offers free private parking and rooms with a flat - screen tv and free wi - fi access .
guests may laze in soothing massage , work out at the fitness centre , take part in one of the water sport activities or simply enjoy a beautiful afternoon by riding a bike at the property .
there is also a dining area .
other facilities offered at the property include an ironing service .
the national park of luberon is located 6 km from mas bello visto .
holiday home baunebjergvej hvide sande denmark is located in hvide sande .
the hotel features a terrace .
istorichnyi muzey metro station is 2 minutes ’ walk from kharkov apartment , and the derzhprom building is 1 metro stop away .
located 2 minutes ’ walk from the canazei - pecol cable car , apartments cableway canazei offers apartments with views of the dolomites .
located only 400 metres from rio de janeiro ' s famous copacabana beach , villa budget hostel features free wifi and a daily breakfast included .
offering a year - round outdoor pool , mandinari river lodge is located in mandinari village within the tambi wetlands nature reserve .
all the rooms at matiate hotel come with a minibar .
there is a 24 - hour help desk and airport transfers can be arranged upon request .
set close the heart of the cosmopolitan corfu , this air - conditioned apartment enjoys magnificent sea views from its furnished balcony . free wifi is offered .
it is a 20 - minute walk from würzburg train station and a 25 - minute walk from marienberg fortress .
free private parking is available on site .
the city of split , known for its riva promenade and unesco - protected diocletian ' s palace is at a distance of 9 km .
all air - conditioned units offer fine linens and are decorated with paintings made by local artists .
the hotel serves a breakfast plate in the mornings .
other facilities at dacha alina - zatoka include a spacious garden with barbecue .
at whitsun cottage an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including table tennis .
massages and shiatsu treatments are available upon reservation , at an extra cost .
free parking is available on site .
this property is 45 km from cluj - napoca international airport .
airport shuttle can be requested and public parking is possible nearby for surcharge .
each of the apartments at bergpanorama ruhla include a satellite tv , fully equipped kitchen and a furnished garden terrace .
guests benefit from a terrace and free wi - fi .
guests have access to free private parking and free wi - fi available throughout the property .
breakfast is served every morning , while drinks can be enjoyed in the bar in the evening .
selected rooms have a private balcony or terrace .
it is in breitenholz next to the schönbuch nature reserve .
terra mitica theme park is 10 km away and aqualandia water park is within 5 km of apartamentos buenos aires .
every room is fitted with a flat - screen tv . all rooms come with a private bathroom fitted with a shower .
you will find a shared kitchen at the property .
hotel les etoiles du toubkal is located in a berber village in the toubkal mountains , a 15 - minute drive from toubkal national park .
meals are served in buffet form in the hotel ’ s restaurant .
free private parking is available on site .
there is a private bathroom with a bath .
other facilities offered include a tour desk and a laundry service upon surcharge .
monopoli is 9 km from the property .
situated in a peaceful neighborhood in thalang , villa mangnolia bang tao boasts a private 12 - metre outdoor pool . free wifi access in all areas and free parking on - site are both available .
guests benefit from balcony . free wifi is featured throughout the property and free private parking is available on site .
staff at reception can provide information about what to see and do in lugo .
centrally located in florence , arrighetti is a very spacious self - catering apartment housed in a historic building .
being located in patong , you can find a range of local and international dining option as well as night entertainment precinct within only a few minute drive from the villa .
guests are also welcome to prepare meals in the fully furnished common kitchen .
you can enjoy pool view and garden view from all the accommodations .
free wi - fi access is available in public areas of this lodge .
garden views can be enjoyed from the accommodations .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower and a hairdryer .
ethos guest house features free wifi throughout the property .
a 1 - minute walk from the hotel is a bus stop that connects to the promenade and the rimini train station , while also allowing easy access to the historic centre of rimini , including piazza malatesta .
rooms are equipped with a private bathroom .
the modern rooms are equipped with air conditioning , flat - screen cable tvs , a minibar and a private bathroom .
hiking and mountain biking trails start right on the doorstep .
the 1st city apartment vienna features a bedroom , a living room with a flat - screen cable tv , a kitchen with a dining area , a bathroom with a hairdryer .
the donovaly ski area is situated 11km away and the skifun liptovske revuce ski area can be reached within 7 km .
an oven and a toaster can be found in the kitchen .
boasting lush garden or water views , the spacious guest rooms feature wooden flooring , quality bed linens , a flat - screen tv , high - speed internet access and shutters opening onto a furnished balcony .
pande villas spa & restaurant is a 15 - minute drive from echo beach and balian beach , while tanah lot temple is a 20 - minute drive from the property and ngurah rai international airport is 40 minutes ’ drive away .
breakfast at les costes is served on the veranda overlooking the garden . it includes pastries , marmalade , bread , cheese , ham , fruit and yoghurt .
some have a fireplace .
offering self - catering apartments in sansepolcro historical centre , camere del borgo is housed in a 15th - century building .
the fully - equipped kitchen includes a dining area .
a homemade breakfast is served every morning .
offering a seasonal outdoor pool and barbecue , agriturismo casapasserini is situated 10 km from londa in the tuscany region , where you will find restaurants and supermarkets .
esperance holiday park is 15 minutes ’ walk from the famous west beach .
internet pcs can be used at the lobby for a fee , and the 24 - hour front desk rents laptops and can hold luggage for guests .
quietly located in the trendy schanzenviertel district , this elegant hotel is just a 10 - minute drive to central hamburg .
it provides comfortable rooms equipped with air conditioning and free wi - fi .
the northern michigan university campus can be reached in 7 minutes ’ drive . ojibwa casino is 12 miles away .
ponte milvio is 1 . 1 km from flaminio b & b moduloray , while roma stadio olimpico is 1 . 2 km from the property .
located in trou d ’ eau douce , 33 km from grand baie , dodo apartments boasts a barbecue and sun terrace . flic - en - flac is 44 km from the property .
at ocean house villa you will find an airport shuttle .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
a coffee machine , microwave , and refrigerator are also included .
ufa international airport is 28 km away .
it features free wi - fi , as well as accommodation with a fully equipped kitchen and flat - screen satellite tv .
a free continental breakfast is served from june through september .
the air - conditioned rooms at super 8 san francisco airport west are furnished with microwaves and cable tvs . for added convenience a coffee maker , hairdryer and ironing facilities are provided .
all room are heated and include bed linen .
every room has a tv . for your comfort , you will find slippers and free toiletries .
the pet - friendly turondale artisans park is 30 minutes ' drive from turon technology museum .
the michelin recommended oaks restaurant offers a fine dining menu of both classic cumbrian and modern british cuisine , made with local produce .
private units also come with a flat - screen cable tv and a private bathroom .
overlooking the pool , the garden and the mountain , the air - conditioned villa has a living room with fireplace and flat - screen satellite tv .
guests can enjoy a hot breakfast buffet that includes waffles , omelets , and bacon .
featuring air conditioning , victoria apartments offers accommodation in athens , within 1 km from monastiraki square .
the unit is 900 metres from gediminas ' tower , and guests benefit from free wifi and private parking available on site .
during the summer months guests can relax in the sheltered garden , enjoying a wide selection of snacks and drinks .
at syabryna you will find a terrace .
ibiza cathedral is 1 . 2 km from the property , and the famous pacha nightclub is less than 2 km away .
there is a washing machine and the kitchen includes a ceramic hob , microwave and coffee maker .
guests can enjoy pool view and garden view from the rooms .
bed linen and towels are provided .
the private bathroom comes with a shower , hairdryer and free toiletries .
the town of vác by the danube bend is 20 km away , while the bánki lake is 5 km from the premises .
some rooms also feature beautiful pool or bay views .
all rooms offer views of the lake .
saint - émilion is 40 km from les chardons , while périgueux is 50 km away .
the mushroom restaurant serves breakfast from 08 : 00 - 11 : 00 hrs and dinner from 18 : 00 - 22 : 00 hrs .
located in vilnius , mindaugo apartment 23a offers self - catering accommodation with free wifi access and free private parking .
it also runs a tour desk that can assist with planning trips in the surroundings .
mountain - view apartments at the schiestlhof include parquet floors , satellite lcd tv , and a kitchen with dishwasher .
its rooms have wooden floors , and wi - fi is free throughout .
limassol marina is 6 km from christina apartment .
bathrooms feature granite countertops and a waterpik showerhead .
silver metro and gufaa restaurant serves indian cuisines .
some units feature a terrace and / or balcony with sea views .
at casa el santo you will find an airport shuttle , ironing service and a laundry .
the property offers 2 restaurants that serve a variety of cuisines that range from western , japanese to chinese favourites .
valbuna agritur also features a garden with barbecue facilities and a ski storage room .
tithira guest house is 2 km from hikkaduwa railway station .
guests can enjoy a drink in le colombier ’ s bar or relax in the garden , while using the wifi .
located in the mantaille region of anneyron , les bibu chambres meublées is a guest house sitting in a garden with terrace and children ’ s playground .
the property offers tour desk services including quad bike rides and tours to kara - dag .
it is 9 km from cannes and 12 km from the perfume town of grasse .
room service is available .
premiere classe fleury merogis offers comfortable and affordable accommodation south of orly airport with easy access to the a6 motorway and the n104 .
they come with satellite tv , and internet access is available at a surcharge .
a buffet breakfast is served each morning .
located in atalaia de cima , coral vacation rentals offers access to an outdoor pool and barbecue area .
there is a seating area , a dining area and a kitchen complete with an oven and a microwave .
it offers aegean sea views , while free wifi is offered throughout .
activities in the surrounding area include cycling , hiking and windsurfing .
a living room and a balcony are offered in some room types .
it takes 10 minutes on foot from the hotel to fort rotterdam museum , the central post office , and various shopping outlets .
private bathroom features free toiletries and a hair dryer .
it offers free wifi access .
fitted with tiled flooring , air - conditioned rooms are simply furnished with a wardrobe , a desk , a flat - screen cable tv and seating area .
it takes about a 15 - minute drive from arwiga hotel to paris van java shopping centre and cihampelas walk mall . the iconic gedung sate town hall is reachable within a 10 - minute drive , whilst getting to husein sastranegara international airport will take about 30 minutes by car .
access to a sauna and solarium are available to guests .
the property offers free parking .
this hotel provides a free transfer service to phoenix sky harbor international airport , which is 4 miles away .
mar del plata bus station is 3 km from hotel edelweiss .
there is a shared kitchen at the property .
the apartments will provide you with a balcony or a patio or a terrace .
fitted with an en suite bathroom with free bath amenities and bath towels , air - conditioned rooms feature modern furnishings .
samudra kopitiam ( coffee house ) serves a variety of local , asian and western dishes .
main train and bus stop are 2 km from the lovćen .
there is a shared bathroom with a bath or shower .
all rooms feature a flat - screen tv with cable channels .
spa treatments are available after a day of sightseeing .
a children ’ s playground , a laundrette and tennis courts are just some of the other facilities at this property .
kapetan matapas is a charming traditional villa situated in areopolis , within 2 km of the sea .
the apartments offer a living area with a sofa and a dining area .
freiburg citynah - hell , ruhig , gemütlich features free wifi throughout the property , which is located in a quiet cul - de - sac .
aqua mare luxury apartments is a self - catering accommodation located in paralia katerinis .
the bed and breakfast is 7 . 8 km from almkreek golfpark .
free luggage storage is available , and there is a bar , and a 24 - hour reception .
the nearest airport is paphos international airport , 26 km from neoclis s antoniades mansion .
at gente con tiempo you will find free shuttle service , a garden and a terrace .
mini mundo miniature park is located only 100 metres away .
a washing machine and ironing facilities are available .
the hotel prides itself on providing friendly and efficient service .
a seasonal restaurant and lounge offer on - site dining and drink options .
the closest restaurant is within easy walking distance from le coeur .
jinjiang inn suzhou liu garden is 2 . 5 km away from suzhou railway station and 3 km from north bus station .
all rooms include a private bathroom fitted with a bath or shower .
cross - country ski trails pass directly by the property .
rainbow magicland theme park can be reached by car in just 30 minutes , and rome city centre is 80 km away .
you can also benefit from the facilities of 5 - star liberty lara beach hotel , such as breakfast , lunch , dinner and drinks at a surcharge .
guests are welcome to explore the surroundings on free bicycles available on site .
the apartment features a patio with seats .
khmer and western dishes are served at the on - site restaurant and bar .
located in tagaytay , a city known of its cooler climate and picturesque views , ecohotel offers non - smoking rooms .
free wifi access is available .
rivervine restaurant serves indian , chinese and continental delights .
guests are offered a sauna and rooms with air conditioning .
breakfast is served every morning at kemer cave house .
the property is 31 km from magnitogorsk and free private parking is available .
the nearest airport is kazan international airport , 27 km from apartment studio horizont .
guests can also enjoy one of the many bike and walking trails surrounding the fruithof .
playa blanca is 49 km from villa adelina , while costa teguise is 17 km from the property .
the air - conditioned villa offers a hot tub , mountain views and free wi - fi .
an airport shuttle is available upon request .
featuring an outdoor pool , garden and terrace , alantha apartments is situated in a quiet street just 5 minutes from the town centre of agios nikolaos in crete .
the fingers beach is 3 . 8 km from boutique bed & breakfast l ' amandier , while gorlero avenue is 3 . 9 km away .
jr shinonoi train station is a 15 - minute drive away .
apartments mirjana features free wifi .
the nearest airport is corfu international airport , 28 km from villa penelope .
a seating area , a sofa and a work desk are included in each air - conditioned room at residence inn omaha aksarben village .
you can play tennis , billiards and squash at the property , and car hire is available .
just 300 metres from montjuïc , the abrevadero guest house offers both rooms and apartments .
they feature local art craft work .
a tall white painted fence surrounds a secluded terrace with an outdoor dining area and barbecue facilities at west hollywood bungalow .
the classic - style rooms are air conditioned and offer a flat - screen satellite tv and seating area .
other facilities offered include a laundry .
celtic haven has plenty of activities including a kids ' adventure zone , indoor pool , tennis courts and the sauna , hot tub and gym .
an american breakfast with tropical fruits can be enjoyed in the gardens .
set in rome , this apartment features free wifi .
the private bathroom comes with a bath and shower .
it consists of a bedroom and a living room with a tv .
gaudi ́ s famous sagrada familia cathedral is 1 . 9 km from the property .
other amenities at this albuquerque , nm hotel include : free airport transportation 04 : 30 to 21 : 00 , free hot breakfast , free wireless high - speed internet access , business center .
set in a green and exclusive residential district , the byron hotel features 29 finely furnished rooms and suites .
other facilities at apartment on dlinnaya 50 include a terrace .
offering sea views , lidia beach suites is set in kókkinos pírgos , 46 km from heraklio town . balíon is 37 km from the property .
breakfast includes homemade cakes , local cheese and ham .
there is a separate toilet .
the historic town of eger is 7 km from the premises .
an additional toilet is also available .
guests can organise sightseeing trips at the tour desk .
arias river is 10 km away .
the bathroom includes bath , shower , bidet and a hairdryer .
there is an indoor heated swimming pool , a children ’ s pool , foot spa , gym , sauna and steam room , all of which are free to hotel guests .
kinsale is 49 km from the castle , while kenmare is 48 km from the property .
there is also a kitchen , fitted with an oven and toaster . a fridge and stovetop are also provided , as well as a kettle .
hotel mount view offers both japanese - style rooms with tatami ( woven - straw ) flooring and carpeted western - style rooms .
spa and wellness facilities , massages and a fitness centre are available for a surcharge .
free wifi access is available throughout the property .
this hostel is located in the centre of kazan , a 15 - minute walk from the qol sharif mosque .
the property can help assist in arranging hiking trips .
the bathroom comes with a bathtub .
featuring free wifi , a restaurant and a children ' s playground , guest house dilidjan offers accommodation in kamensk - shakhtinskiy .
offering a sauna and a ski pass sales point , hotel monblan is set in zelenaya polyana , 25 km from abzakovo .
the bathrooms are either private or shared .
it also has a washing machine , a flat - screen cable tv , a work desk and an en suite bathroom with a shower .
some rooms have fragments of the original masonry walls .
car rental and dry cleaning services are also offered .
rabac is 38 km from peaceful little house , while crikvenica is 40 km away .
regional cuisine is also available at the property ’ s restaurant .
certain rooms have a seating area where you can relax .
ririn greenbay apartment is a 10 - minute drive from pluit village mall , 15 - minute drive from emporium pluit mall and a 20 - minute drive from soekarno - hatta international airport .
all executive villas by american sunshine are within 15 minutes ' of the walt disney world resort .
breakfast is also available at the restaurant .
laundry facilities and a 24 - hour front desk are available for guests of the fond du lac super 8 .
with tiled floor , all rooms come with a wardrobe , minibar and tv .
there is an exterior parking area in the hotel , making it easy to come by car and explore the nearby towns of zarautz , biarritz and san juan de luz .
the chalet has a washing machine , ironing facilities and 3 bathrooms .
guests can reach the famous paulista avenue within 5 minutes by metro .
the hotel also provides free shuttle services within the resorts vicinity .
hotel octave maldives is centrally located in male , offering easy access to popular shopping and dining areas .
oustau camarguen has 31 rooms and 8 suites for you to choose from .
the colourful apartment features a living area with sofa bed and kitchenette , a bedroom and a bathroom with bath and free toiletries .
the hotel wedina ’ s breakfast buffet includes organic food and homemade specialities .
erivolos studios are located just 150 metres from lygaria beach , offering the guest a unique mountain and sea view , in a quiet and relaxing setting near the sea .
free up to 250 mb daily per device are offered to guests , updated automatically the next day .
aquaboulevard water park is 2 km away .
situated in rimouski city centre , this historic hotel offers on - site dining .
guests can enjoy the on - site bar .
the property is 5 km from the old town and the sea .
a bus stop , offering direct links to valletta is just a 3 - minute walk away form the apartment .
fitted with free internet access , rooms at courtyard cincinnati north at union centre also include a flat - screen tv .
there is an aqua park within 3 km .
the dormitory rooms offer en suite shared bathroom , while private rooms provides cable tv and telephone .
this hotel in opladen ’ s vibrant pedestrian area will pamper you with the attention and service only a smaller - scale business can offer .
the hotel also has chinese and japanese restaurants .
at red carpet inn - bridgeton / vineland you will find a 24 - hour front desk .
air - conditioned rooms at the oasis kuta feature dark wood furnishings and a flat - screen satellite tv . an electric kettle and refrigerator are provided for guests convenience .
guests can choose from different 4 restaurants , each with a panoramic sea view , serving different types of cuisine .
guests will also find restaurants within a 5 - minute walk .
amenities include an lcd tv and a mini bar .
hairdryers are also available on request .
all villas are bright and spacious and some offer a private pool .
daily breakfast is served at the on - site restaurant . there are also many restaurants in the surrounding area .
they have allergy - free linen .
the staff of the 24 - hour reception is happy to provide you with any information you may need .
balangan beach is 6 km from the poh jimbaran .
free wifi access is available in common areas and a daily breakfast is served by courtesy of the hotel .
city house alisas has a café - restaurant open until late .
featuring a spa bath , the private bathroom also comes with a shower and towels .
a washing machine and ironing facilities are included .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
a grocery shop is 500 metres away .
a kitchenette with cooking facilities and fridge is included in all the air - conditioned units at the marietta .
sports facilities such as tennis courts , an outdoor pool and a basketball court can be found 1 . 5 km away .
air - conditioned rooms feature a flat - screen tv with cable channels , a wardrobe and a minibar .
housed in a 300 - year - old courtyard in the heart of beijing , leo courtyard features traditional chinese wooden architecture and free wi - fi in the entire property .
the restaurant serves breakfast and lunch .
some accommodations at the ocean two resort and residents also include balconies .
kiwifruit cottage is 10 minutes ' drive from waihi beach .
guests can cook in the shared kitchen , where free tea , coffee and snacks are provided .
all rooms in hotel union feature free satellite tv and wi - fi ( for an extra cost ).
the kitchenette includes 2 hotplates and an oven .
the nearby karaagach river is suitable for fishing .
the village of teguise is located 12 km from the property .
at hotel pałacyk konin you will find a 24 - hour front desk and a terrace where you can relax .
this vail , colorado accommodation is 2 miles to vail mountain .
the hotel offers free shuttle service to the ancient town of pamukkale .
each well appointed apartment has a seating area and a flat - screen tv .
the fully equipped kitchen includes an oven , a refrigerator and kitchenware .
guests are welcome to visit the on - site restaurant and taste eastern cuisine .
a shared kitchen equipped with an oven , microwave and fridge .
guests can make use of the fully - equipped kitchen , that comes with a dining table as well .
located at treasure island and open daily from 10 : 00 until 22 : 00 , marvel ’ s avengers s . t . a . t . i . o . n .
the bathroom features a bath , shower , washing machine and free toiletries .
the nearest airport is dubai international airport , 4 km from the property .
there is also a washing machine .
the beach in port launay is only 2 minutes ' drive by car .
there is a private bathroom with a shower .
with fantastic views over the river thames and over london ' s skyline , thames view serviced apartments offer spacious , luxury accommodation .
the in - house restaurant serves regional , indian , chinese and continental delights .
it offers spacious rooms with shared bathrooms , and is less than 10 minutes ' walk from colón metro station .
some rooms include a seating area where you can relax .
this apartment features a balcony with views of the mountains , a tv with satellite channels and a seating area .
the air conditioned apartment comes with a private entrance and offers a terrace with an outdoor dining area , a living room with a kitchenette , and a private bathroom .
free private parking is available on site .
guests have access to a garden with a seasonal swimming pool , sunbeds , and a playground for children .
private bathroom includes a bath or shower , hairdryer and free toiletries .
rooms feature a radio with cd player , and there is a private bathroom with a shower and toilet .
the nearest airport is antalya airport , 41 km from kemer pansiyon .
a hot buffet breakfast is available for guests every day .
rooms are air conditioned and feature satellite tv and an en suite bathroom with slippers and toiletries .
hostel silesius is located in the centre of wrocław , a 15 - minute walk from the old town .
hostel myshelovka features free wifi throughout the property .
the cozy rooms at hotel garant & suites provide a refrigerator .
towels and bed linen are provided .
a variety dining options and shops can be found in the big afimall shopping centre a 5 - minute walk from apartlux krasnogvardeysky .
a café beach bar can be found within 150 metres , while a restaurant is 550 metres away . a grocery shop is 1 . 2 km away .
zonguldak airport is 45 km away .
the madrid has a restaurant and café - bar .
the guest house also offers car hire .
cable tv with hbo movie channels and tea - and coffee - making facilities are found in the rooms at the regency inn and suites . rooms are equipped with a microwave and a small refrigerator .
in the surroundings you will find a golf course ( 9 . 5 km ), a fishing opportunity ( 100 m ), shops ( 1 . 1 km ) and a restaurant ( 800 m ).
kiev train station is 120 km away .
rooms feature free wi - fi and flat - screen tvs .
a bus station can be found 50 metres from the hotel , while split airport , in kaštele , is 5 km away .
the airiños hotel is 250 metres from rodeira beach , with many traditional bars and restaurants nearby .
located 500 metres from phan van dong public beach , monaco hotel offers simply furnished rooms with free wi - fi . it also features an in - house restaurant .
platon hotel features a bar serving coffee and drinks in the outdoor lounge area .
the spacious rooms at the bunratty hotel have satellite tvs and free internet access .
the hotel is set in an historic building with a modern interior design .
la terrazza del chiostro , the relais ’ s restaurant , serves tuscan and italian dishes out on the terrace .
são gonçalo do amarante international airport is 40 km away .
free secure parking is available .
the front desk of tac apart hotel is available 7 / 24 , provides room service , luggage storage and currency exchange .
the private bathroom includes toiletries and a hairdryer .
bike hire is available at this guest house and the area is popular for cycling .
guests can exercise at the hotel ’ s fitness room or relax in the jacuzzi .
on - site parking is available for an additional fee .
this hotel is by cabo beach , 2 km from the restaurants and shops of the local tourist centre .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
aromet motor inn is a 2 - minute drive from the district hospital and a 7 - minute drive from temora aviation museum .
tea and coffee - making facilities are available .
kitchenware and outdoor furniture are also provided .
overlooking the pacific ocean , this kihei resort is 8 miles from downtown kahului .
there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave , and a bathroom with a shower and hairdryer .
outdoor parking is free and subject to availability , while a garage is available at extra charge and should be booked in advance .
guests have access to the shared kitchen , dining area and computer area .
free private parking is available on site .
the middle of the city is a 10 - minute drive from the hotel .
all rooms in the bellevue hotel have a private bathroom with a hairdryer and offer panoramic views .
hotel continentale is 200 metres from castro pretorio metro station and 5 minutes ’ walk from termini train station .
the property offers free parking .
a continental breakfast is delivered to guests ’ rooms each morning .
a free transfer to or from the airport is available .
taiyuan east railway station is a 10 - minute drive away .
this guest house is set on a cliff at the far end of punta delgada , next to the lighthouse , offering amazing ocean views .
at apartments casa vita you will find a garden and barbecue facilities .
main bus station and ferry terminal are located 1 km from the studio mediteran , while split airport is at a distance of 22 km .
mont gabriel hotel boasts indoor and outdoor heated pools and a hot tub , a gym and a sauna .
this love hotel also boasts dance poles and love sofas .
each room here will provide you with a tv , air conditioning and a computer . there is also an electric kettle .
there is also a toy corner for children .
each room is equipped with a seating area and some come with a sofa bed .
the kitchen comes with a dishwasher , oven and microwave , as well as a toaster and kitchenware .
there is a full kitchen with a refrigerator and a dining table .
the royal solaris cancun offers water sport equipment rentals and daily night - time entertainment .
guests can enjoy the sea views , the furnished terrace and the garden .
porto angeli offers guests a variety of outdoor sports and entertainment .
babysitting services are also available , at a surcharge .
towels are also provided .
gasthaus rebstock offers pet - friendly accommodation in alken , just 50 m away from the moselpromenade .
a restaurant is featured on site .
all heated accommodation features a dining and lounge area with a flat - screen tv with cable channels .
free public parking is available on site .
the private bathrooms are fitted with a shower and a hairdryer .
the on - site restaurant serves traditional bulgarian dishes . the closest grocery store lies 50 metres from the building .
there is also a sauna and a sun bed , and various massages are available as well .
it features lots of home - grown produce including fresh fruit , cold cuts and homemade cakes and marmalades .
beautifully refurbished , where unique modern styling meets victorian elegance , park lane is an ideal choice for both leisure and business travellers alike .
the private bathroom comes with a shower .
the hotel is 3 km from the rheinisches landesmuseum and 47 km from frankfurt - hahn airport .
each room has a seating area and en suite bathroom with hot shower facilities .
boasting a variety of modern accommodation options , each well - equipped room features of free wifi and free secure on site parking .
the spacious apartments of the copperbottom inn feature a fully equipped kitchen and a wood - burning fireplace .
yanica guest house offers an opportunity to organise airport shuttle service upon request .
centrally located , high street homes are within 5 minutes ' walk of cafes , boutiques and restaurants .
laundry service and airport shuttle are both offered .
marvelous space is located in lisbon , 5 km from amoreiras .
the villa rooms offer large crystal shower stalls .
hotel sahara beach is located in akhfennir , 20 km from sahara .
como is 24 km from lake view apartment cadenabbia , while locarno is 40 km from the property .
several museums , entertainment venues , shopping centers , restaurants and cocktail lounges are nearby .
an outdoor pool is available .
sepilok jungle resort is 11 km away from the sandakan airport .
it is a boutique hotel with a swimming pool and sauna .
the hotel is set in a georgian terrace , steeped in history , nestled under the famous white cliffs in the shadow of dover castle with uninterrupted views across the english channel .
every morning fresh bread rolls are delivered on request .
novie ' s tourist inn offers a jungle setting in el nido , approximately 100 metres from bacuit bay and corong corong beach .
the dongguan railway station is 12 km from the leisure hotel . the shenzhen bao ' an international airport is 43 km away .
free parking is provided .
the area offers many restaurants , bars and shops within 500 metres of the property , and guests receive special discounts at local diners .
bed linen and towels are included in the price .
rustic wood walls and traditional sculptures add to the charm of this design property .
the łódź international fair is only 900 metres away from the hotel .
a selection of local dishes are served in the restaurant .
offering an outdoor swimming pool , residence by uga escapes is located just 900 metres from the famous sri lanka national museum .
each bungalow - style room here will provide you with air conditioning , a flat - screen tv and a small dining table .
vegetables , olive oil and wine are produced on site .
located in the historical centre of mardin , the erdoba evleri osmanli konagi is a getaway to explore cumhuriyet bazaar , melikşah grand mosque and the ulucami neighborhood .
the zadar main bus station is located at a distance of 5 km .
all units feature a cable flat - screen tv . some units have a dining area and / or terrace .
just a short walk from the public beach , bavaretto ocean club is less than 10 minutes ’ drive from manati park .
the bathroom is a wet room with a shower and hairdryer .
fitted with hardwood floors and decorated with cream - coloured hues , this stylish apartment features a spacious balcony with outdoor furniture and views of the city .
it consists of a seating area with flat - screen , satellite tv , as well as a kitchen with stove and a modern dining area .
the hotel features 24 - hour room service with a selection of dishes .
safety deposit box and luggage storage are available at the 24 - hour front desk .
bright and spacious , the air - conditioned rooms all come with a seating area and views of the garden .
milas - bodrum airport is located 29 km from the property .
a range of activities are offered in the area , such as skiing and cycling .
select rooms include a view and club level access .
there is free public parking nearby .
calpe is 7 km from ritter .
guests can deposit their luggage at the 24 - hour front desk .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including snorkeling .
at jakab ház you will find a shared kitchen .
free on - site parking and en suite laundry facilities are offered for convenience .
at sidney by aboda you will find a clubhouse and bbq facilities . the property offers free covered parking .
each of the rooms at the hotel comes equipped with a flat - screen tv , air conditioning , shower facilities in the room and a separate toilet .
multiple resort swimming pools feature up to 19 cabanas .
at mui ne backpacker village , guests can approach the friendly multilingual staff for assistance with currency exchange , luggage storage , laundry services and tour arrangements .
offering a lovely garden with an outdoor pool , margarita hotel is located in wanda .
located 4 km away from bukovel ski slope , this hotel serves a daily breakfast featuring european and ukrainian cuisine and has a bar and restaurant on - site .
the hotel also offers bike hire .
car rental and shuttle bus services are available at a fee .
this accommodation features free wi - fi in all areas .
each room here provides guests with a tv , air conditioning , and a private bathroom with a shower .
activities in the surroundings include cycling , horse riding , fishing and skiing .
flat - screen tv and a free wi - fi connection are also provided .
a fully equipped shared kitchen is at guests ’ disposal . a common room with a seating area , a tv and a dining table is also available .
hotel tuscolano features a bar , a tv and reading lounge , and a 24 - hour reception .
accommodation will provide you with air conditioning , a balcony and a terrace .
some rooms feature views of the mountain or garden .
guests can make use of the shoe shine and fax / photo copying services .
marjanishvili theatre is a 5 - minute walk , dinamo arena is a 15 - minute walk , and freedom square is 3 km away .
the historic park pavilion is the setting for the breakfast buffet .
the lively nevsky prospekt is a 15 - minute walk away , and the hermitage museum itself is 3 km from the hotel .
in the restaurant with fireplace you can taste piedmont specialties such as homemade pasta , beef braised in barolo wine accompanied by a selection of local wines .
free wifi access is available .
hot beverages can be ordered at the coffee shop .
hotel sky towers features free wifi throughout the property .
maison d ' en bas is a holiday home with a terrace , set in anse a la mouche .
with a well - equipped gym , indoor pool , sauna , steam room , guests have free entry to a leisure club found 2 miles from the hotel .
many shops and cafés are located nearby .
private parking is free on site .
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a microwave and a coffee machine , where guests can prepare meals and snacks .
guests benefit from terrace . free wifi is available throughout the property .
a desk , seating area and a flat - screen tv are a standard across all units , which also offer garden views and freshly laundered towels .
free wifi is available throughout the property .
at les ursulines , you will find a quiet and serene atmosphere and an available and efficient professional staff that will help you organize your trips whether you are here on holiday or for business .
the hotel hof sudermühlen is an ideal base to participate in numerous recreational activities .
towels and bed linen are featured in this apartment .
the mahogany manor guest family room contains a tv with cable channels and a vcr .
traditional cuisine can be sampled in la quietat ’ s on - site restaurant .
within a 100 - metre distance there are restaurants , shops and transportation options .
it is conveniently situated next to hatchobori train station .
this hotel is a 5 - minute walk from the limbecker platz shopping centre and 2 underground stops from essen central station .
located in žaborić , right across the beach with sun loungers and parasols available for the guests , villa koala apartments offers self - catering accommodation .
all units are functionally furnished .
a private chef is also possible for an extra fee and 24 - hour concierge service is also available .
surrounded by the dolomites , family - run hotel patrizia is located in moena , 3 km from the alpe di lusia ski slopes .
with free wi - fi , the studios includes an outdoor dining area , a seating area with sofa and satellite flat - screen tv and a fully equipped kitchenette with electric kettle .
davras skiing centre is 26 km away .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
the guest house is 5 . 4 km from golfe de ponte de lima .
there is a shared guest lounge and a shared fully equipped kitchen .
guilin harbour no . 1 hotel is 1 km from elephant trunk hill .
you can also enjoy a walk in the park opposite the hotel , or explore a wide range of restaurants and bars nearby .
chester , crewe and shrewsbury are less than 25 miles away .
the family - run gästehaus bruggerhof in längenfeld in the ötztal valley is a 5 - minute walk away from the stop of the ski bus .
there is also an electric kettle . featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
kiyevsky train station , from which guests can get to vnukovo airport , is 2 metro stops away .
the brooke offers an on - site convenience store and free daily newspapers .
the cascais train station is a 12 - minute walk as well as the beach and the bars .
sightseeing arrangements and free wi - fi access are provided . guests who drive enjoy free private parking .
the trendy 5th avenue , filled with restaurants and shops as well as wonderful beaches and water sports are minutes away .
a complimentary breakfast including sweet and savory dishes , eggs , fresh fruit , and baked goods is served each morning at the inn .
guests can unwind with a soothing in - villa massage , while staff can assist with grocery deliveries , laundry requests and vehicle rental arrangements .
the kitchen is fully equipped , including a dishwasher and a microwave .
bacău is 38 km from hotel complex havana , while lepşa is 37 km away .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
. the property offers free parking .
a fast food kiosk is available on site , as well as a small grocery store with snacks and breakfast food items .
suwannee valley conservation area is 14 km from the days inn , and big shoals state park is 18 minutes ' drive away .
apartment on bulvar nadezd offers accommodation in adler .
skiing opportunities are offered in bachledova valley , 5 km away , or in strednica , 2 . 5 km away .
thai and international dishes are served at the hotel ’ s restaurant .
each accommodation has 1 or 2 bedrooms and a bathroom with a shower , hairdryer , and free toiletries . there is a living space with a sofa bed , flat - screen tv , and dining table , while the kitchen is equipped with an oven , dishwasher , fridge , and coffee machine .
olaya herrera airport is 58 km away .
featuring free wifi throughout the property , b & b loft 013 offers accommodation in tilburg , 200 metres from naturemuseum brabant .
it is decorated with ornate paintings and there is live music in the evenings .
featuring a bath , private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
coming with open - plan layout and quality furniture of minimalist style , the beautifully furnished apartments at olympic tower somerset feature luxurious décor and full kitchen facilities .
guests are welcome to use the barbecue facilities for free in the summer months .
la mela di roma is just 300 metres from rome ' s re di roma metro station , offering links to the spanish steps , trevi fountain and roma termini station .
the property offers free parking .
set a 7 - minute walk from the cathedral , casa nei fiori di lecce offers a self - catering house in the heart of lecce .
the deák ferenc square , transportation hub of 3 metro lines can be reached within a 5 - minute walk from the gorgeous flat opera .
baan iyara guesthouse offers affordable air - conditioned rooms with free wi - fi in downtown krabi town .
the kitchen has wooden finishes and comes with a washing machine , microwave and dishwasher .
every room has a private bathroom .
various services are offered by the property , such as an airport shuttle , luggage storage and laundry .
the inturjoven marbella is less than one kilometre from the beach and a 5 - minute walk from la represa park .
during harvest , guests are treated to fresh juice .
on - site dining is available at mckenzie ' s grille , serving breakfast and lunch daily .
the studios will provide you with a seating area and a kitchen with a refrigerator and kitchenware .
it features a restaurant and a bar .
the rooms at the signum are decorated in a traditional aeolian style with iron beds and whitewashed walls .
an en suite bathroom comes with shower facilities .
the kitchen has an oven .
the guest rooms offer free wifi .
the house also offers free wi - fi and barbecue facilities .
after a restful night ' s sleep in the spacious 2 room suites , start the morning at the downtown seattle homewood suites with a free hot breakfast buffet .
the accommodation also offers croquet and french boules balls .
at saren guesthouse bali you will find a 24 - hour front desk , a garden and barbecue facilities .
the property boasts views of the city is 48 km from taranto .
various animation programmes for children and adults are offered at the property .
you will find a shared kitchen at the property .
each comes with an en suite bathroom , a humidifier and a hairdryer .
russian national public library for science and technology is 4 . 2 km from apartment on gorskiy 63 / 1 , while novosibirsk opera and ballet theatre is 4 . 3 km away .
newspapers are at guests ’ disposal in the lobby area .
light meals and drinks are also provided there .
a shuttle through shipyard plantation is provided .
hiking is popular in the area , and the hotel has a tour desk and 24 - hour front desk .
free private parking is available on site .
on - site parking is free , and the bad aibling exit of the a8 motorway is just 7 km away .
towels and bed linen are available in this self - catering accommodation .
there is a 24 - hour front desk , a fitness centre and gift shop at the property .
all rooms come with a tv . some units feature a seating area to relax in after a busy day .
immersed in the pollino national park , this small , family - run b & b lies in the historic centre of terranova di pollino .
ironing facilities are available at the property .
other on - site conveniences include an atm machine , business centre and free parking .
air - conditioning is also provided in every room .
free laundry and free bike storage are featured .
kolorowa ski lift is 900 metres from willa gorski widok / mtn .
each room features a flat - screen tv , a minibar , a safety deposit box and a bathroom with shower and bathrobe .
the surrounding vineyards are also ideal for wine tasting and cycling tours , and guests can go hiking in the palatinate forest .
free wi - fi is available throughout .
the hanoi 3b homestay is situated along hang than street at the end of hanoi ' s old quarter .
the airports rotterdam the hague airport and brussels airport are located at 110 km from the property .
holiday home arvidvej i dnmk is located in bjerregård .
breakfast at rosemont is made from high - quality and free - range local ingredients , sourced from the surrounding villages where possible . full cooked options are available , along with lighter choices , such as french toast and irish potato farl with smoked salmon and scrambled eggs .
vihula manor country club & spa is a hidden treasure on the northern coast of estonia , set amidst the pristine lahemaa national park close to the baltic sea .
all of the comfortable and bright rooms provide satellite tv , a bathroom and a fully equipped kitchen and towels and linen provided .
a breakfast buffet is served at the dining room .
some rooms offer flat - screen tvs .
there is a wide range of outdoor activities such as a water park , paddle - tennis court , surfing , beach volley and mini - market on site available for guests .
all guests can enjoy free entry to the nearby palau güell .
the nearest airport is rostov - on - don international airport , 210 km from the property .
the orpheum theatre is less than 10 minutes ’ walk away .
a refrigerator and an electric kettle come standard in each room at dureme mansion hotel and resort .
trastevere lovely house is a self - catering accommodation located in rome .
they also include a bathroom with a toilet and a shower .
it offers an outside terrace and many indoor and outdoor leisure activities .
the front desk , which is open 24 hours , can organise laundry and dry cleaning services .
guests can enjoy a sweet and savoury breakfast buffet with homemade cakes at val de grepa garnì , which also features a snack bar .
the nearest airport is mostar international airport , 7 km from guest house mirza .
there is a shared lounge , where guests can relax .
the property is 2 km from kemer marina .
newton house ’ s award - winning breakfasts are made using fresh local ingredients that are in season .
the property has a private beach area and car hire is available .
drinks can be enjoyed while relaxing at the terrace .
a bath tub or shower is offered in the en suite bathroom .
free private parking is available on site .
the city of melbourne is a 2 . 5 - hour drive away .
shops and taverns serving cypriot delicacies are 200 metres away .
it offers an apartment with a balcony and views of the surrounding alpine panorama .
the property has a children ' s playground and views of the garden .
several taverns offering fresh seafood are a 5 - minute drive away .
the hotel ' s own restaurant opens daily and room service is offered .
the fusion suites is a boutique hotel providing contemporary and luxurious accommodation at the heart of bangkok ' s business district with easy transportation links .
a shuttle service from pulkovo airport ( 19 km ) is available for an extra fee .
guests can use the meeting / banqueting facilities , or make travel arrangements at the tour desk .
the accommodation is equipped with a tv .
guests staying at francisco are 2 . 2 km from the golf country club and 9 . 3 km from la libertad refinery .
there is also a shared kitchen equipped with a hob , fridge , electric kettle and microwave .
featuring free wi - fi and a large lcd tv , the apartament u kowala is located in kościelisko , 1 . 5 km from the chochołowska valley .
the nearest airport is mcghee tyson airport , 66 km from the property .
the studios akrogiali display a beautiful mediterranean style and are fully equipped with kitchen , shower / wc , air conditioning and tv .
a tv is available .
it offers an outdoor swimming pool and a spa with sauna and hammam .
set 3 . 3 km from dolphin island park in punta cana , this apartment features a terrace . the property is 19 km from freshwater lagoons and free private parking is offered .
guests can enjoy a daily breakfast buffet and free parking .
a bakery , a butcher and the nearest restaurant can be reached on foot in 5 minutes and a supermarket is a 12 - minute walk away .
there is also a free shuttle service to jumeirah beach park available on request .
cable tv and coffee facilities are provided .
free toiletries are provided in individual packets .
a daily continental breakfast is served at the days inn . it includes cereal , bread , coffee , tea and juice .
there is a bus stop located just a short walk from the farm , while tirana airport is 240 km away .
located in the heart of the old town in besigheim , these stylish apartments offer free wifi , a kitchen with dishwasher , and a bathroom with natural daylight .
the rooms are fitted with hardwood floors and a flat - screen tv . a shower , a toilet and a wash basin come as standard in the en - suite bathroom .
for guests who wish to explore the local sites , the palace of diocletian is a 6 - minute walk from the apartment and the split city museum is 550 metres away .
free wifi is provided .
a dry room with a boot dryer and a small workshop are available free of charge for motorcyclists .
it is 26 km from gimpo international airport and 62 km from incheon international airport .
the hotel has 5 dedicated conference and meeting rooms and can accommodate up to 550 delegates with the latest in audio / visual technology .
omni shoreham offers tasteful and comfortable accommodations .
the tidel park is 200 metres and the fun park is 3 km .
guests can make use of the business centre , laundry facilities and free parking .
amman airport hotel is 30 - minute drive away from amman ’ s city centre .
the air - conditioned apartment has 2 bedrooms and a living - dining area with cable tv .
apartments at yahsi ' s yahsi resort feature a flat - screen tv and air conditioning .
this bournemouth hotel is set in 3 acres of mature gardens , which provide a beautiful backdrop to the 87 bedrooms .
southmead guest house provides a full english breakfast , and vegetarian options are available .
the paro international airport is 65 km .
wicomico ocean city arport is 24 km away .
elora gorge conservation area is about 2 km away .
it features a beautiful garden with a central fountain and 24 - hour front desk .
a dining area is also provided .
one bedroom boasts a private terrace with sea and mountain views .
a rich breakfast is served daily and it includes local organic products .
there is also a kitchen , equipped with a dishwasher and oven .
in - room entertainment is provided with the flat - screen cable / satellite tv and dvd player .
the property offers free parking .
situated 400 metres from negombo beach park in negombo , c negombo welcomes guests with a restaurant and bar . guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with free toiletries and slippers .
ubud palace and ubud market are 3 . 6 km from ubud virgin villa , while ubud monkey forest is 5 km away .
the centre of the village is a 5 - minute walk from agritur laura .
asprovalta town is a 12 - minute drive away .
all come with a minibar and a flat - screen tv , dvd players are available on request .
it offers a bright double room , a private entrance and a panoramic terrace .
quimper is a 40 - minute drive away .
some feature a courtyard view , sink and tea and coffee making facilities .
there is also a dining table .
the nearest airport is kurumoch international airport , 56 km from apartments na 70 let oktyabrya .
linen and towels are included .
okdubaiholidays - residence south also includes a fitness centre .
located in the settlement of ukanc , rooms lake bohinj offers free wifi access and free - to - use bbq facilities .
the on - site bar is ideal for sampling a variety of alcoholic and soft drinks .
rooms at hotel margaritar come with a private bathroom and free toiletries .
skopelos town and port can be reached within 22 km .
the hotel ’ s goboard provides up - to - date news and weather information .
bedrooms are spacious and light , some have vaulted ceilings .
towels and bed linen are provided at apartment in jindřišská .
a rich buffet breakfast is provided each morning in the loccumer hof ’ s elegant restaurant .
the schwabenhof produces its own wines and has a private historic wine cellar , which is 3 km away .
each guest room has a tv , wardrobe and tea and coffee facilities . all have an en suite bathroom with a bath and shower , as well as a hairdryer and toiletries .
specializing in fly fishing , this attractive beachfront lodge is located in punta allen , at the end of the sian ka ’ an biosphere reserve ’ s boca paila peninsula .
accommodation at city m28 is simply decorated and has heating .
juan santamaría international airport is 50 km away .
the nearest airport is almaty international airport , 17 km from the property .
a cable car leading to the hill of srđ with panoramic views of dubrovnik ' s surroundings is 500 metres away .
it offers classically appointed rooms with free wi - fi and a view of visagintas town .
argos in cappadocia is just few minutes ’ walk from the centre of uchisar , with its many restaurants and shops .
other facilities at holiday home m & n include a barbecue .
regular buses leave from a bus stop located just 800 metres away .
dionysios solomos international airport is 4 km away . zakynthos town , along with the island ’ s port , is at a distance of 7 km .
lake nojiri is a 15 - minute drive away .
it is 1 . 5 km from the lake at the bay of jasmund .
ponta delgada airport is 7 . 4 km from the hostel .
situated a 5 minutes ' drive from perth , just off the a9 road , ordieview bed & breakfast boasts tranquil accommodation with free wi - fi , free parking , picturesque views , a bright and spacious conservatory , and an outdoor seating area .
nordic walking , as well as yoga classes on the hotel ’ s landing stage , are offered .
fairmont heliopolis features a casion , 3 tennis courts , and a hot tub . it has 3 swimming pools surrounded by a landscaped garden .
the chalets and mobile homes at frédéric mistral are set amongst shady trees .
the hotel is a good base for exploring the surrounding siegerland countryside .
the accommodation will provide you with a satellite tv and a radio . the kitchen is equipped with a refrigerator , an electric cooker , a dishwasher and a microwave . other facilities include a coffee brewer and a washing machine . the private bathroom comes with a shower .
a 40 - minute drive to lalique museum , it is 26 km from strasbourg city centre , and 33 km from strasbourg entzheim airport .
in the summer guests can enjoy dinner and drinks on the terrace by the pool .
each room provides a microwave and a small refrigerator .
the 5 private bathrooms include a hairdryer and bathrobes .
rooms are simply furnished and all come with a tv , a cooling fan , and a private bathroom with shower and hairdryer .
towels and bed linen are offered .
overlooking the historic village of norton st philip , just minutes from bath , this beautiful georgian building offers free wifi , free parking and luxurious four - poster rooms .
aqua blue flatlets lies around 11 km from the lively naoussa town and 10 km from paros airport .
all rooms feature a seating area and an electric kettle .
on arrival you will be given keys to the main doors and so you have 24 - access to your accommodation .
a large work desk with ergonomic chair comes as standard , and some rooms offer a relaxing jacuzzi bathtub .
the nearest airport is odessa international airport , 15 km from the property .
the popular resort of sveti stefan is within 5 km from the apartments .
views of the bay can be enjoyed as guests serve themselves from the buffet breakfast or choose from the hot breakfasts menu .
a continental breakfast is available every morning . it can be brought to the comfort of your room .
a flat - screen tv with cable channels is provided .
guests can appreciate the daily breakfast that consists of a selection of hot and cold drinks , fruits and different types of bread in the breakfast room .
many restaurants , bars and shops can be reached within 100 metres .
licata is a 20 - minute drive from casa a corte .
this modern hotel offers rooms with free wi - fi and a flat - screen tv .
belissimo hair & beauty salon is situated opposite the hotel , and guests of the limerick clarion hotel receive a 10 % discount .
the rustic rooms feature a flat - screen satellite tv , a seating area and a bathroom with a shower .
the nearest airport is trapani airport , 12 km from terranova appartamenti .
this rustic guest house is set in andorra la vella ’ s old town .
ferienwohnungen eichenhof is located 3 km from the südpfalz thermal spa .
the palais des congrès is a 7 - minute tram ride away and both the university campus and the toison d ' or shopping centre are less than 20 minutes from the property .
located in simferopol city centre within a walking distance to different sights , prostye veshchi hotel offers free wifi .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including cycling , fishing and hiking .
some of the rooms enjoy elegant lake views .
the property is located 22 km from barcelona and offers free wi - fi .
rooms have a desk , free toiletries and slippers .
posada is 47 km from domo ' s altura .
the kitchen is equipped with an oven , a microwave and a toaster , as well as a kettle .
the restaurant serves a spread of chinese dishes and beverages .
a bus to / from ortisei and castelrotto stops right in front of the property , while a ski bus stop can be reached in 10 minutes on foot .
enjoy a cup of coffee from your terrace or balcony . each room has a private bathroom fitted with a bath or shower .
set on 5 acres , the unique , tuscan - style yallingup chateau eco - house boasts 5 bedrooms , a spa bath and a spacious living area with a wave - shaped roof .
the aveiro train station is an 8 - minute walk and connects with porto and lisbon .
ham rong mountain is just 100 metres from the hotel .
a microwave , refrigerator , kitchenware , and a stovetop can be found in the apartment ’ s kitchenette .
matias is a detached villa set in campos in the majorca region and is 13 km from es trenc beach .
the bright apartments at persey holiday apartments sunny beach feature a kitchenette , cable tv , ironing facilities , and a bathroom with toiletries .
guests can enjoy sea and pool views .
air - conditioned apartments with a balcony are provided at hotel sunny beauty .
main bus station can be found 1 km from the property , while tivat airport is just 5 km away .
the highlight of soggiorno annamaria is its remarkable ambiance .
it offers bright and cosy accommodation with free wi - fi throughout the property .
the apartments of almresort monarchia park all feature a satellite flat - screen tv , a sofa , a desk , a safety deposit box and a balcony with mountain views .
the air - conditioned guest rooms offer an lcd tv with satellite channels , a toaster and tea / coffee making facilities .
all the rooms will provide you with a minibar , seating area and tv .
guests can discover the regional cuisine and area .
pomelo garden homestay villa is set amidst tropical greenery in hoi an .
towels and bed linen are available at apartment in la salle - santa cruz .
the nearest airport is krakow - balice airport , 83 km from the property .
bathroom facilities are private or shared .
the elegant rooms offer warm - coloured interiors and classic - style décor .
younger guests at the haus seeschwalbe will enjoy the apartments ’ playground .
ao nang beach and rai lay beach can be reached within a 45 - minute drive from p guesthouse .
set in the centre of lazarevskoye the property provides quick access to the central 30 - letiya pobedy park , and the nautilus aqua park is less than 1 km away .
zadar airport is located 11 km away .
guests can relax on the terrace offering great views of the mountains , as well as book a massage at an additional fee .
pitigliano is 19 km away .
a refrigerator and tea - and coffee - making facilities are also provided .
there is free wi - fi throughout the hotel .
business travelers will appreciate conveniences like a public computer with internet access and access to copy and fax services .
phuket town is a 10 - minute drive away .
the guest room at wavesandwinks b & b comes with a flat - screen tv and telephone .
it features a pool and is a 10 - minute drive to the centre of cape town .
many shops and restaurants are within 200 metres , and a bus stop is 50 metres from motel garni ubytovna .
maritim hotel can provide a shuttle service to torp sandefjord airport on request .
the stylish suites and studios overlook the ocean and feature free wifi .
the property offers free parking .
the malayala manorama press is 300 metres and napier zoo is 1 km away .
guests can make travel arrangements at the tour desk .
swimming is possible in the pond 300 metres from the building .
free wifi access is available and a daily breakfast is included .
rockingham dragway is 16 minutes ' drive away .
it features a refined rustic style , wrought - iron beds , flat - screen tv , and bbq facilities .
in addition , b & b dalen offers a free moose safari .
the property is a 5 - minute walk away from the main bus station and the ferry port which offers connections to several dalmatian islands .
hotel mercury is situated just 250 metres from biała podlaska train station and it offers accommodation with free private parking and wi - fi connection .
adler train station is within a 5 - minute drive of arina guest house and sochi international airport is 7 km away .
it offers free wi - fi and rooms with flat - screen tv .
complimentary continental breakfast is served at the on - site restaurant .
the spacious kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher , microwave , coffee machine , toaster , fridge and a large dining table .
in the morning you can help yourself at the value - for - money breakfast buffet and vending machines provide drinks and snacks .
towels and bed linen are featured in this apartment .
only 100 metres from aguas calientes main square , sol de oro offers rooms with free wi - fi and private bathrooms .
at paraiso mexicano you will find a 24 - hour front desk , grocery deliveries and a tour desk .
all rooms are heated , and have a refrigerator and an electric kettle .
recently renovated , they have kept their traditional style and charm , whilst featuring modern and luxurious amenities .
the la crosse river state fishery area can be reached in 11 minutes ’ drive .
mandala international youth hostel is a 10 - minute walk from yang erchenamu museum .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including skiing , cycling , and hiking .
some rooms have a seating area to relax in after a busy day .
each has an lcd tv with local and satellite channels , air conditioning and also includes a hairdryer and safe .
rooms are air conditioned with private balcony .
gelendzhik airport is 6 km away .
palawan museum is 1 . 4 km away while the beautiful honda bay is 5 . 6 km away .
it offers heated rooms with free wi - fi and a shared lounge with a fireplace .
guests can prepare a meal in the shared kitchen on site .
the hotel boasts a central location in a peaceful district and offers easy access to the entire city via the nearby public transport network .
most rooms feature a hydromassage shower .
featuring a traditional turkish bath on site , this gocek hotel is 1 km from gocek city centre and gocek bay .
set in a renovated winemaker ' s house , domaine de blaignac is surrounded by a garden and offers b & b accommodation .
the surrounding countryside is ideal for outdoor activities such as hiking .
the hotel is a 10 - minute walk from yasukuni shrine and a 20 - minute walk from the imperial palace .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a bath and a bath or shower .
western washington university is 11 miles from this bed and breakfast .
other facilities at little secret suite include an igloo sauna and barbecue .
you will find free shuttle service at the property .
the classic - style air - conditioned apartment features a washing machine , ironing facilities and flat - screen tv with cable channels . the bathroom comes with a hairdryer .
guests can enjoy a luxury breakfast in the cosy bar with live piano music . a baroque - style staircase leads to the upper floors and the library .
some rooms include views of the mountain or garden .
free parking is possible on spot and a bicycle storage room is provided , as well .
towels and bed linen are featured at apartment molodogvardeytsev 70g .
grand hotel is a 5 - minute walk from dubai ’ s gold souk , deira ’ s corniche , and the open - air sapkha market .
apartment residenza canto sereno minusio is a four - room self - catering accommodation with a surface area of 120 m2 , located in contra .
the hotel ’ s restaurant serves local specialities and international favourites .
set in a superb classic moroccan building , the spa has a hammam and a professional staff that offer a range of exotic treatments .
shared bathroom facilities include a shower , free toiletries and towels .
set in a historic building with a grand façade and private yard , the hotel offers simply decorated rooms .
it features barbecue facilities and is within 500 metres of the town ’ s shops , bars and restaurants .
a garden and a restaurant are featured on site .
tavernas , cafes and grocery stores are 100 metres away .
featuring a private terrace , bungalows come with air conditioning , clothes rack , a dining table , satellite tv and sofa seating area .
hippokratis apartments is located 16 km from chania town and 20 km from souda port .
private parking is available on site .
situated just 1 mile from edinburgh ’ s shopping district of princes street , 29 guest house is a self - service accommodation with a large private car park and free wifi in public areas .
neptune ’ s bicycle rental service and tour desk can benefit those who wish to explore the area .
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower .
the shared bathrooms are in the hallway .
some units have a dining area and / or terrace .
you can play billiards at the property , and car hire is available .
free on - site parking is also possible .
changing facilities and lockers are available for guests who stay in the annexe .
other facilities offered include meeting facilities , a shared lounge and luggage storage .
the bathroom is fitted with a bath and a shower .
located at merville - calonne airport , hotel mervil airport offers free wifi and free private parking on site .
the nearest underground station with links into central london , elephant & castle underground station is just 18 minutes ’ walk away .
you can play darts at the inn .
both a grocery shop and a restaurant can be found within 400 metres of the property .
snacks and refreshments can also be purchased at the on - site convenience store .
each apartment has its own private bathroom .
a 20 - minute walk will take you to velikiy novgorod ’ s train station .
the property offers free parking .
all rooms have a private bathroom .
den gamle by , the old town , an open air museum of denmark ’ s historic buildings , is 1 km away .
grocery shops and restaurants can be found within a 5 - minute walk from the guest house .
the apartment has a cable tv , a seating area and cable channels . there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
the rooms at dreamers b & b feature air conditioning , a flat - screen tv with satellite channels and complimentary tea and coffee setup .
a flat - screen tv with blu - ray player is offered at the villa , which includes a dining area and outdoor furniture .
pinto martins international airport is located 4 km away .
luggage storage is offered and the hotel has a tour desk .
there is a seating area , a dining area and a fully equipped kitchen .
it is a 23 - minute drive to the chiado historical area and its typical shops and cafés .
the on - site restaurant serves regional and international cuisine .
bude and north cornwall golf course is less than 2 miles away .
featuring a shower , ensuite bathrooms also come with a bath .
air - conditioned rooms at hotel hz feature a flat - screen tv , minibar and private bathroom with a hot shower .
the property is situated a 5 - minute walk from rachana national museum and a 10 - minute drive from toul sleng museum .
there is a full equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
a breakfast is provided each morning at chambre d ' hôtes la jonquerette .
sanremo casino is 500 metres from sea apartment .
rooms here will provide you with a flat - screen cable tv .
all rooms come with city views .
rome fiumicino airport is 12 km away .
guests can also enjoy a free welcome pack upon arrival . fresh towels and bed linen are provided twice a week .
all rooms include a shared bathroom .
naples harbour is about 2 km away .
guests can enjoy a relaxing massage , go to the sauna or work out at the gym .
kozas studios is located 20 metres from stegna beach in arhangelos of rhodes .
for golf lovers , pinhal golf course is 1 . 2 km from al souk villa , and vilamoura beach is less than 10 minutes ’ driving .
just 300 metres from the jakubova lúka ski centre , this apartment house can be found 1 km from the centre of starý smokovec .
livu aqua park is a 15 - minute drive away .
at cabañas cambalache you will find a garden and bbq facilities .
a bathrobe and slippers are available in rooms .
the reception has sofa where guest can relax and read newspapers and magazines .
a microwave and a small fridge are standard in every room at the regency inn & suites dallas / euless dfw airport .
the donaubrücke gasthof is right on the donauradweg ( bicycle trail ).
they also come with a radio and a telephone .
newspapers are provided at the front desk .
pescara is reachable by car in 50 minutes .
offering a swimming pool , free wi - fi and a restaurant with a bar , the family - run garden city motor inn is located on a quiet street just a 10 - minute walk from wagga wagga city centre and the murrumbidgee river walking track .
akademicheskaya and politekhnicheskaya metro stations are a 5 - minute walk away .
you can prepare homemade meals using the stove , fridge and microwave in the open - plan kitchen .
offering good value for money and comfortable accommodation , the hotel is ideal for couples and families wishing to enjoy a relaxing seaside holiday in this beautiful beach resort .
a full kitchen and a private entrance are included .
the hotel is a 5 - minute walk from la scala theatre and via montenapoleone shopping street .
each apartment offers a private entrance , and either a balcony or terrace with views of the bavarian alps .
the klausberg ski area is a 7 - minute drive from the apartments .
free wifi access is available .
it offers a fully equipped kitchenette and a bathroom with shower . guests can enjoy a tv . free wi - fi is available .
casa de lewis is located in san cristóbal , 400 metres from playa de oro beach .
leezdorfer hof offers colourful rooms with satellite tv and a private bathroom .
towels are available .
this property is just off the finnish national road 5 in the south savonia region , less than 10 km from kuortti town centre .
at crb cochin palace , guests can request for luggage storage , laundry and babysitting services .
every room is fitted with a private bathroom .
lagos live science center is 800 metres away and lagos marina is 1 . 4 km away .
in addition guests will find restaurants serving traditional algarve cuisine within 500 metres .
during summer , guests have 1 sun umbrella , 1 sun lounger and 1 deckchair at a nearby private beach .
rooms are individually decorated with unique furnishings , and include a private bathroom with free toiletries .
buses to barcelona airport run every 15 minutes from plaza catalunya .
wooden dining area and barbecue are also available .
the nearest airport is budapest liszt ferenc airport , 18 km from the property .
located in nai yang area , phuket airport hostel and homestay offers rooms with free wifi . situated 1 km from phuket international airport , the property features a 24 - hour front desk and tour desk .
guests can enjoy the sea views from the restaurant , bistro or tea room .
set in petite suisse luxembourgeoise within 5 km of echternach , hotel kinnen offers spacious rooms , an à - la - carte restaurant and free wifi .
at hoopoes hop - riberac gites you will find a garden , barbecue facilities and a terrace . other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out san siro ( 6 . 1 km ) and duomo milan ( 1 . 8 km ). malpensa airport is located 42 km from the property .
private bathroom also comes with a shower .
dobranoc hostel & apartments is located in the centre of poznań , 400 metres from the old market square .
located right by river krka and the yacht marine in skradin , villa barbara offers air - conditioned apartments with balcony , lcd satellite tv and free wi - fi . the property includes a green garden with a terrace .
for more meal options , local restaurants are available within a 5 - minute drive from the property .
marrakech - menara airport is ideally located a 30 - minute drive away .
a simple breakfast which includes bread , eggs , coffee and milk is provided each morning .
the spa town of karlovy vary is 26 km away from the st . anna .
free wi - fi in available throughout .
guests at the homewood suites ft . worth - bedford can start each day with a free hot breakfast or with an energising workout in the on - site fitness centre .
located near jomtien beach , debonair grande offers a spacious six - bedroom villa with private pool .
extras include an en suite bathroom with towels , linen , and free toiletries .
it has air - conditioned rooms with lift access , satellite tv and free wi - fi .
each is en suite with bath and overhead shower .
the town of spodnja idrija is locally known for tradition and preserving the heritage of its ancestors .
all rooms have a flat - screen cable tv , dvd player , safe and minibar .
conveniently situated a 3 - minute walk away from dobustuenmae station , and a 5 - minutes ' walk to jr shin - imamiya station , hotel sunplaza 2 offers free wifi throughout the entire property .
burgas airport is 11 km from the property .
featuring wooden floors , this fully furnished apartment also includes a tv with cable channels .
free wifi is offered throughout the property .
bed linen is available .
they feature wooden walls and private bathrooms .
the bistro serves breakfast and dinner options daily .
the hotel also houses a business centre and a tour desk .
located in buti , i maggi offers apartments with free wifi , wood - beamed ceilings and air conditioning .
chiado is 800 metres away and has typical shops and cafés , like the iconic a brasileira .
galeão international airport is located 18 km away , while santos dumont airport is 10 km away .
bakuriani train station is 5 minutes ’ drive from hotel villa palace , and tbilisi is 180 km away .
the hotel has a large swimming pool with a section for children , plus a children ' s playground .
air - conditioned rooms feature free wi - fi , cable tv and a coffee - maker .
featuring an outdoor swimming pool , alacati yamacevi - adult only is located only 300 metres from the centre of alacati .
plaza catalunya and las ramblas are 20 minutes from the apartments on foot .
the rooms are equipped with a shared bathroom .
macedonia international airport is 52 km away , while the city of thessaloniki is at a distance of 62 km .
the private bathroom comes with a hairdryer .
featuring free wifi throughout the property , marianeum offers pet - friendly accommodation in prague , a 7 - minute walk from the náměstí míru metro station .
there is a seating and / or dining area in some units .
offering ample privacy in a modern , styling private villa , nai harn villas is located 1 . 25 km from nai harn lake , 1 . 39 km from phuket seashell museum and 3 . 16 km from promthep cape .
the ramada raleigh blue ridge guest rooms include ironing facilities and a coffee maker .
the jules verne futuroscope also has a gift shop , free on - site parking and the reception is open 24 - hour .
the one - bedroom apartment will provide you with a living room including a cable tv .
situated 10 km south of basel , the riverside apartments offer you quiet , light and clean accommodation with views towards the lush green surroundings or the birs river .
the holiday home also offers a washing machine and tumble dryer .
other facilities offered at the property include a games room , a tour desk and luggage storage .
including a private bathroom with a shower , the rooms come with an electric kettle and a desk .
towels are available .
the movie park germany theme park in bottrop is just a 20 - minute drive away .
house estate woodlands ’ air - conditioned villa features a fully equipped kitchen including a microwave , refrigerator and oven with dining area and a seating area .
you can enjoy city view .
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings , including fishing and hiking .
free toiletries and hairdryers are also included .
ngurah rai international airport is a 20 - minute drive from hostel nau here , while the legian beach is a 10 - minute drive away .
the spacious rooms of the schlosshotel karlsruhe include air - conditioning , a minibar and cable tv with 2 free sky channels .
all nicely decorated rooms offer floor heating and solid wooden furniture .
just 300 metres from siriema waterfall , pousada das hortências is 800 metres from monte verde town centre , it features a pool surrounded by gardens , daily breakfast and a games area .
a minibar and hairdryer are standard .
oryol train station is a 15 - minute drive away .
the hotel offers air - conditioned rooms with free wi - fi .
there is a seating area and a kitchen as well as a private bathroom .
the studios and apartments include a kitchenette , a private bathroom and satellite tv .
free private parking is available on site .
ella guest inn features a common lounge area where guests can relax and socialize with one another .
all apartments and studios feature a balcony , a kitchenette , tv and a bathroom with shower .
it features an in - house gym , a spa with sauna and massage treatments .
ngurah rai international airport is a 30 - minute drive away .
select rooms offer a fireplace .
at haus der bergwiesen you will find a garden and barbecue facilities .
free wi - fi , free parking , an outdoor pool and a turkish steam bath are featured at green deck boutique hotel .
extras include bed linen .
the hotel is also accessible to disabled guests .
free wifi access is available .
bathroom facilities are shared and are equipped with a shower .
featuring a shower , private bathroom comes with slippers .
loket ’ s historical centre is just 500 metres from gracie penzion .
corralejo is 16 km from villa cony ii , while costa teguise is 34 km away .
a dining area and desk feature in all guest rooms at skovlyst bed and breakfast .
you can engage in various activities , such as snorkelling , diving and cycling .
kiev train station is 3 . 8 km away , and boryspil international airport is 34 km from seventh heaven mini hotel on shchorsa .
other facilities at villa gran sol include a year - round outdoor pool .
the hotel is decorated with wood and warm colours .
you will find a kettle in the room .
all accommodation at buonamici residence features a tv and private bathroom .
the katra bus station is 1 km .
gluten - free options are available .
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge , a ticket service and a tour desk .
a bus that stops 10 metres from b & b albaluna takes you to bari .
there is an indoor pool and hot tub in the wellness centre .
flaminio station and piazza del popolo square are both 7 stops away .
free wifi is featured in public areas and free private parking is available on site .
there is a private bathroom with a shower .
kadikoy ferry port is 10 km from rhiss hotel maltepe .
hotel altair provides shared mixed dormitories for 3 to 6 people and some twin rooms for two people .
the brünig pass is a 10 - minute drive from chez martial and interlaken can be reached within a 25 - minute drive .
some units feature a terrace and / or balcony with mountain views .
there is a shared kitchen at the property .
guests can also play billiards and table tennis .
each apartment comes with a fully equipped kitchenette with a dining area , and 2 or more bathrooms with bath or shower and toilet .
hostelmeks is located in florianópolis .
some units are air conditioned and include a seating and / or dining area .
a 12 - minute drive away from city resort taichung is fengjia night market and skm shopping centre .
this guest house has rooms with private bathrooms , some with balconies .
there is free wifi access available and the property offers free parking .
guests have access to a private or shared bathroom with shower facility .
hiking and cycling routes pass by the property .
ayia napa coast is a 15 - minute drive away .
elk ridge ski area is 5 . 3 km from rodeway inn & suites downtowner - rte 66 .
shops and restaurants are located within 4 km of the residence .
shower facilities and free toiletries are included in each private bathroom .
all spacious guest rooms include microwaves , refrigerators , coffee makers , irons , ironing boards , hair dryers and cable television with hbo .
all accommodation units at sport hotel are air conditioned and equipped with a fridge and a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
the hotel features an outdoor swimming pool with sun loungers and offers free wifi in all areas .
st . florian ' s gate is 700 metres from the property .
free private parking is available on site .
venice marco polo airport is a 35 - minute drive away .
the nearest airport is schiphol airport , 10 km from sunrise apartment .
this villa offers an outdoor pool , a fitness centre and a well - equipped sun terrace .
you can enjoy a sweet and savoury buffet - style breakfast daily at the 4 - star hotel erbavoglio .
hostel mors offers accommodation in tyumen .
bell air hotel is 6 . 5 km from the centre of alexandroupolis and 7 km from alexandroupolis port .
each fully equipped studio and apartment has free wifi and ocean views .
a mini fridge and a wardrobe are included .
a kitchenette with dining area and microwave , as well as a private bathroom with shower , are provided in all apartments .
en suite bathrooms come with hot and cold shower facilities .
guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant .
this villa has a dining area , washing machine , balcony and fully equipped kitchen , including a stovetop , microwave and oven .
there is a private bathroom with a shower and toilet .
built in 1926 , this dupont circle boutique hotel overlooks rock creek park . it is a 10 - minute walk from both the woodley park - zoo metro station and the dupont circle metro station .
air - conditioned apartments at park house hotel suite feature a dining area and a living room with a flat - screen satellite tv .
a 20 - minute drive from ashbourne , it has free wi - fi , and free parking on site .
a minibar and a tv with satellite channels are featured in the guest rooms and suites at laico hôtel .
guests have unlimited access to the wellness centre with an indoor swimming pool , a steam bath and a hot tub .
guests have free access the hotel ’ s gym , indoor pool and whirlpool .
gardels ' restaurant offers a range of regional meals in the evening .
jericoacoara ́ s center village is 200 metres from villa medina jeri , while dune por do sol is 200 metres away .
they also feature a tv with dvd player .
beijing west railway staiton is located 40 minutes ' taxi ride away .
the rooms are equipped with a private bathroom fitted with a shower .
the bar will serve your favourite drink .
free private parking is possible on site .
a range of shops , restaurants , and bars are available within 2 minutes ’ walk of apartamento en campello .
hua hin nightmarket is 12 km away , while bangkok is 200 km from the hotel .
guests are invited to prepare home - cooked meals and snacks in the kitchen or kitchenette , and bbq facilities are provided on site .
the apartments feature a seating area , a dining table and mountain views .
the golfinhos bay is 6 km from casa de itinho and the popular praia da pipa beach is 8 km away .
the villa is 3 . 2 km from beach republic club , 6 . 6 km from chaweng viewpoint and 10 km from chaweng walking street .
the hotel provides a large public bath and a separate shower room .
waikīkī shell is 300 metres from tower 1 suite 1803 at waikiki , while kuhio beach torch lighting & hula ceremony is 600 metres from the property .
situated in split , 800 metres from diocletian ' s palace , downtown comfy rooms and apartments boasts air - conditioned rooms with free wifi .
surrounded by tropical gardens , the spacious balinese - style villas at payogan come with flat - screen satellite tvs and dvd players .
the property is a 5 - minute walk to chaweng centre where guests will find plenty of thai and western restaurants .
a european menu and room service are also available for guests ’ convenience .
a private balcony and in - room massage service are available upon request .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with a bath or shower and a bidet .
the vilnius old town can be reached within a 10 - minute walk .
baan aoulabah offers a garden , a shared lounge and lockers .
la rosa dei venti is 10 minutes ’ walk from monterosso train station .
at pousada recanto da alegria you will find a garden and barbecue facilities . other facilities offered at the property include a children ' s playground and an ironing service .
berggasthaus marmorbruch is a 10 - minute drive from grindelwald ’ s centre and train station .
verbier can be reached in a 45 - minute drive .
fitted with a seating area , air - conditioned rooms feature a flat - screen tv with cable channels and a wardrobe .
guests can relax in the shared tv room and then enjoy a billiards game when days are colder .
set near the centre of ajaccio and the airport , the eden roc hotel welcomes you in a unique site overlooking the sea and the famous sanguinaires islands .
tea / coffee making facilities are included .
each apartment features 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms . you also have a separate kitchen and living room with a sofa and dining area .
mercure lisboa almada is only a few steps from almada ' s centre .
free wifi access is available in the public areas of this homestay .
the property is 3 km from porto cervo and 30 km from golfo aranci .
this cottage features a living room with a fireplace including firewood .
anapa airport is 7 km away .
in the evening , discover the delicious german cooking and international favourites in the hotel restaurant .
all units include air conditioning and a satellite flat - screen tv .
certain rooms feature views of the mountain or garden .
featuring a balcony , all units feature a seating area with a flat - screen tv and dvd player .
all rooms are equipped with air conditioning , a cable / satellite tv and a refrigerator . en suite bathrooms come with shower facilities .
it is 10 km from devashri sun and sands from mapusa bus stand , 24 km to thivim railway station and 34 km from goa international airport
all units offer sea views and come with air conditioning .
you will find a shared kitchen at the property .
ngurah rai international airport is 7 km away .
other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge .
hallstavik is 14 km away .
a new sauna area will be opened in july 2015 .
located in l ' isle en dodon and set on 1 - hectare park , gite encatello provides self - catering cottages with free private parking and free wi - fi .
the modern guest rooms offer a wall - mounted 42 - inch flat - screen cable tv and an alarm clock radio .
the nearest airport is jyväskylä airport , 16 km from the property .
individually decorated rooms at the casa de solana bed and breakfast boast hardwood floors and feature a private bathroom .
each colonial parque apartment features a private terrace with views of the sea and la gomera .
zadar ' s central marketplace and a supermarket are only 130 metres from the rory . the 1200 - year old church of st . donatus and the cathedral of st . anastasia are about 400 metres away , and the sea organ is within 800 metres .
the shared bathroom amenities are in the hallway .
other facilities include a sauna , a whirlpool , a terrace as well as a childrens playground , an indoor swimming pool , beach volleyball court , football goal and free entry to the waterpark .
the kitchen is fitted with an oven , a microwave and a refrigerator , as well as a coffee machine .
individually decorated in a scandinavian style , the air - conditioned rooms feature a flat - screen tv with satellite channels and a private bathroom .
towels are available .
offering a restaurant , titanic hostel is located in astana , a 5 - minute walk from ishim river .
in the town of tallanstown , 10 minutes ’ drive from ardee and 15 minutes ’ drive from dundalk , louth hall b & b has free wi - fi and offers tea / coffee and home - made scones on arrival .
pulkovo airport is 16 km away .
ataturk airport is within 20 km and airport shuttle services are arranged at an additional fee .
guests have access to a lounge with fireplace , football table and piano .
it offers free wi - fi in all areas and elegantly decorated apartments with a balcony or patio .
situated 2 . 3 km from old nesebar in nesebar , this apartment features a terrace .
in the evenings , varied drinks and snacks are served in the stylish bar .
from early may until late october , a shuttle bus to a nearby partner beach can be arranged on request . you can hire 2 sun loungers and a parasol at discounted rates there .
hostal luz de luna nuyoo offers accommodation in oaxaca city .
it has a private outdoor pool and free wifi .
there is free wi - fi in the lobby and 24 - hour front desk assistance is available .
there are vending machines for snacks and drinks on site .
the hotel also offers car hire .
mall of arabia can be reached by car in 14 minutes .
the hotel offers free bicycles . free wifi is available in all areas .
staff at the tour desk can assist with ticketing and sightseeing arrangements as well as bicycle rental and repairing services .
free wifi access is available .
each room here will provide you with a tv , air conditioning and a balcony .
the indira gandhi international airport is 15 km away .
newspapers , meeting rooms and a business centre are available in the hotel .
the tour desk can assist guests with making travel arrangements .
each bright chalet is set over 2 floors and has a spacious living area with a fireplace and tv . the kitchen has an electric hob and a fridge .
several other attractions , including historic sites , national museum , forts , underwater sculpture parks , night clubs and hiking trails are 10 - 15 minute drive away .
villas del sol features different type of villas which can accommodate from 2 up to 10 people .
all rooms are equipped with a shared bathroom .
decorated with warm colours and iron beds , all the air - conditioned units at the ostria studios have a flat - screen tv , fridge and views to adamas town .
the bistro is open for breakfast and dinner .
in summer , hotel villa paradiso provides a free shuttle to the paradise beach club in letojanni .
the private bathroom comes with a shower .
a beauty salon is on site , and massage services are offered for guests .
the nearest airport is madeira airport , 14 km from the property .
towels and bed linen are featured in this apartment .
sm city cebu is 2 km from e - mo dormitory , while fuente osmena circle is 2 . 6 km away .
among the amenities provided is a dvd player , flat - screen cable tv , dishwasher and a washing machine .
the property is part of a 16 , 000m2 park with a children ’ s playground , barbecue facilities , and volleyball , football and badminton areas .
metropol parasol , the concrete , steel and timber structure covering plaza de la encarnación is a 10 - minute walk away .
the closest beach is at a distance of 250 metres .
isla fresia expediciones is located 9 km from puyehue hot springs , 12 km from aguas calientes hot springs and 18 km from entre lagos .
the old town can be reached in a 25 - minute walk .
bbq facilities can also be found on site , and guests can rent bicycles at the property .
the nearest airport is cardiff airport , 28 km from ship bungalow .
almada forum shopping center is 5 km from nesha sea flowers , while caparica coast is 200 metres away .
the pantheon is a 3 - minute walk away . the banks of river tiber are 400 metres from the property .
it also has a piano bar and a pool bar which open seasonally .
located in the residential santa ursula neighbourhood , haritos guest house offers accommodations in cusco .
hostal la carretera is located in central torrejón , 20 minutes ’ drive from madrid barajas airport and within 2 km of the a2 motorway .
every room is fully air conditioned .
santa vila hospedagem features barbecue facilities .
there are also bbq facilities available .
the property has water sports facilities and bike hire is available .
the tastefully decorated and modern accommodation features a cosy atmosphere and every room includes a kitchenette .
apartmentos la palma is located in benidorm , 400 metres from mal pas beach . rincon de loix is 2 km from the property .
free public parking is available nearby .
during winter , it offers discounts on ski passes .
the daily sweet and savoury breakfast is served at the trattoria al grop next door .
the nearest airport is bali denpasar international airport , 31 km from canikaya villas ubud by premier hospitality asia .
galway is a popular seaside destination , with beautiful beaches and a long promenade .
all rooms and apartment comprise a tv , a wardrobe and a private bathroom . featuring a bath tub or shower , bathrooms also come with hairdryer and towels .
opening to a balcony and terrace with pool views , the air - conditioned , four - bedroom adriana junior vila includes a spacious , fully equipped kitchen and dining area .
car hire is available at this hotel and the area is popular for cycling .
the property offers a shared kitchen and a library . luggage storage and a safety deposit box can be provided for free .
some have a private bathroom and some offer access to a shared bathroom .
there is a private bathroom with a bath or shower in every unit .
a wide variety of bars and restaurants is a 10 - minute walk away .
a flat - screen tv and a telephone feature in each room , and some rooms offer views of the interior garden . all of the rooms have a classic décor .
other facilities at bracken ridge villas include a barbecue .
distributed over 2 floors , this villa has 2 twin bedrooms , a full bathroom and a living - dining room with tv and fireplace on the ground floor .
there is a shared bathroom available for guests .
located in the heart of dreieich , the family - run hotel herrnbrod & ständecke offers comfortable rooms just 11 km from frankfurt airport .
aix - en - provence tgv train station is a 10 - minute drive from the property and marseille provence airport is a 15 - minute drive away .
housed in a renovated 19th century building , antouanetta apartments is located in ermoupolis , within a 5 - minute walk from the central miaouli square .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
linen and towels are provided .
there is a seating area , a dining area and a kitchen . a flat - screen tv is available .
the club and superior rooms give access to the club lounge at which complimentary breakfast and snack services are offered .
belgrade art hotel is close to the city ' s historical sites like the belgrade fortress and kalemegdan park , as well as the historic quarter .
salta city is 22 km from la caldera and the local airport is 34 km away .
guests at youth hostel mashuko can play table tennis , rent bicycles or use the coin launderette .
rooms at linda hotel have simple decorations and all come with air conditioning , hard wood flooring and a balcony .
every room is air conditioned and includes a private bathroom .
macerata is 23 km from the property .
each room has a flat - screen tv , tea and coffee making facilities , hairdryer and bathrobes .
hostal almanzor offers air - conditioned rooms with balconies and cable tv . each room also has a private bathroom .
free wifi is featured .
chiflika palace resort & spa , set right next to the chiflika hotel zeus international , offers a restaurant with a welcoming atmosphere with a fireplace and an outdoor seating and dining area .
continental and scottish breakfast options are served in the large dining room , which offers views of agnew park .
this holiday home is 65 km from olbia costa smeralda airport .
a wide range of therapeutic treatments based on the medicinal waters are available .
certain rooms include a seating area for your convenience .
you can also start mountain hikes from the hotel .
the apartment is spacious and bright and features parqueted floors .
a microwave , hob , coffee machine and kettle can be found in the kitchen , as well as a washing machine .
hosteria posada drake is 800 metres from puerto san julian bus terminal station .
this carthage , texas hotel is 1 . 6 miles from the texas country music hall of fame .
lockers are available , along with an airport shuttle service .
it provides free private parking .
the property offers baggage storage , ironing services and dry cleaning for guests ’ convenience .
it offers free parking , and rustic accommodation with lcd tv . you have free use of the common living room with a fridge .
they feature crisp linen , thick duvets and tvs with freeview .
located in théoule - sur - mer , nirvana loft is a beachfront apartment .
other facilities like an ironing service and laundry facilities are offered .
nice côte d ' azur airport is located 17 km away .
they all come with free wi - fi and satellite tv .
the grandvalira ski resort is 2 km away but for those wishing to do some cross - country skiing there are other resorts 15 km away .
guests can easily walk to connecticut avenue or the vietnam memorial .
each air - conditioned room includes an en suite bathroom .
park royal has been certified by the department of tourism with the h certification which is given to hotels that comply with high standard health procedures .
free private parking is available at the bella vista .
half board consists of breakfast as well as a regional 3 - course dinner in the conservatory café .
there is also a kitchen , fitted with an oven .
a coffee maker and ironing facilities are also included .
a microwave , refrigerator and coffee - making facilities are available in every room at baymont inn and suites .
two bedroom apartments of yesenina 30 offers accommodation in minsk , 8 km from pishchalausky castle .
there is a shared kitchen at the property .
the meadowlands exposition center is directly next to the hotel .
this family - run bed and breakfast features a lush english - style garden and private terraces .
organised boat trips are provided on request .
guests staying at 52 bracelet are 6 km from the botanical garden .
thyme restaurant serves a selection of contemporary dishes freshly prepared daily .
mayak inn offers accommodation in sukhaya .
breakfast is buffet style and includes homemade cakes , cereal , fruit juices and yoghurts .
appartamento in residence a vulcano is a 5 - minute drive from isola di vulcano harbour with service to milazzo and stromboli .
the pietra ligure exit off the a10 autostrada dei fiori motorway is 3 km from this property .
located 900 metres from the beach of chanioti , villa hanioti offers spacious accommodation with private swimming pools surrounded by well - kept gardens . the centre of chanioti village is at 500 metres .
resort guadalupe offers a children ’ s playground , a token - operated laundry room , and a games room .
daily activities are provided for both adults and children of all age .
the são vicente caves are a renowned tourist spot and are a 35 - minute drive away .
recreation facilities include a fitness room where guests can enjoy a work out .
towels are available .
a furnished outdoor dining area is available .
each includes free wi - fi , air conditioning and a private marble bathroom .
there is also a bar .
situated in billings , montana , just off interstate 90 , this hotel offers a free hot breakfast every morning and comfortable guestrooms with free high - speed internet access .
there is a common living room with sofas and a belly stove .
rooms at this quiet motel have free wi - fi and cable tv .
this holiday home is 7 km from husein sastranegara airport .
the closest public transport station is only a 5 - minute walk from penzion u gigantu , from which guests can visit major local attractions such as st . bartholomew ' s cathedral and the pilsner urquell brewery .
this self - catering studio offers free wi - fi .
the georgian house has a great location , opposite cosmopolitan byres road and just minutes from the university of glasgow .
the city centre is a 5 - minute walk away .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer .
this spacious apartment is located in central bergen , 7 minutes ’ walk from bergen aquarium .
conveniently located just a 5 - minute walk from shijo - omiya train station , machiya residence inn provides apartment - style accommodation in a traditional machiya townhouse .
area shuttles and meeting rooms are also available .
the days inn telford is just off junction 4 of the m54 and 5 miles from telford .
the property is 5 . 6 km from mall of arabia and 10 . 1 km from red sea mall .
goa homeland - candolim is set in candolim , 3 . 9 km from shanta durga temple . candolim beach is 600 metres away .
babana hotel offers contemporary accommodation overlooking the aegean sea in golturkbuku .
every room is fitted with a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
centrally located in the historical peninsula , this hotel is only 200 metres from blue mosque , and 550 metres from hagia sophia .
located in pescara , 500 metres from the beach , b & b amelia features free wifi in public areas .
for added value , the quality inn provides each paying guest with a five - dollar meal voucher for the on - site restaurants .
free tea bags are available .
take a dip in the cool waters of the pool in the afternoon heat .
your room will provide you with a private bathroom with spa bath , a minibar , flat - screen tv and dvd player . there is heating and air conditioning , a desk and safety deposit box .
each unit is equipped with air conditioning and a flat - screen tv . the private bathroom is stocked with a hairdryer .
pebbly beach is just a 10 - minute drive away and batemans bay is 20 minutes ’ drive .
camden lock market is 1 . 2 miles away .
patra is 12 km away and araksos airport is 10 km away from the property .
grocery shops and restaurants can be reached within walking distance of the property and free wifi access is provided .
mariscal sucre airport is 7 km away and plaza grande square is 10 km away .
bear tree park is a 30 - minute drive away .
cardrona bliss apartment is 15 minutes ’ drive from the snowpark and snowfarm ski fields .
within 1 km shops and restaurants can be found .
rooms come with either en suite or shared bathroom facilities .
facilities available at the motel include a guest laundry and luggage storage .
set in balatonfüred , a 2 - minute drive from lake balaton and the annagora aquapark , szeibert vendégház offers self - catering accommodations with free wifi and access to a garden with barbecue facilities .
santo antônio do pinhal centre is 1 . 5 km away .
polanco , an important business district in the city , is 8 . 7 km from the hotel , while the financial district is 5 km away .
the property offers free parking for guests .
a children ' s cot and high chair are provided .
set in its large garden and housed in a restored country house , cascina arcangelo raffaele offers spacious self - catering apartments with a modern design . alba is 11 km away .
ios port is around 28 km away .
ospa has a variety of treatments including massages , facials , and body wraps .
they feature satellite tv and a private bathroom .
offering a restaurant , royal suites is located in sakakah .
immersed in the quiet hills surrounding lake trasimeno , locanda del galluzzo features a private garden , a swimming pool , and self - catering apartments with free wi - fi .
air - conditioned guest rooms are fitted with ironing equipment , tea / coffee making facilities and a flat - screen tv with cable channels .
palermo airport can be reached by car in 30 minutes .
the pet - friendly accommodation is air conditioned and is equipped with a satellite tv .
children up to the age of 13 enjoy one free children ' s meal if at least one parent dines à la carte .
local and international dishes are served at mermaid coffee shop , open for breakfast , lunch and dinner .
this property offers rooms with a flat - screen tv and free wifi .
lapad bay is 800 metres from apartment bonacic , while onofrio ' s fountain is 3 km from the property .
the villa is fully air - conditioned and offers an lcd satellite tv and a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave .
the property is 400 metres from saint sophia cathedral and 600 metres from central street .
the accommodation comes with a dining area and seating area with a flat - screen tv . some units have a terrace and / or balcony with sea or city views .
the hotel schöneberg ' s bright and spacious rooms are an ideal place to relax . all of the rooms feature an en suite bathroom , modern furniture and comfortable beds .
in the garden of apartment passeggiata gialla guests are offered complimentary barbecue facilities and an outdoor seating area .
within walking distance of attractions , including café majestic , bolhão market and the famous port cellars , residencial belo horizonte is open 24 hours per day .
just 200 metres from the famous , white - sand falassarna beach , the golden sun offers self - catered accommodation with a private balcony overlooking the cretan sea . a children ’ s playground and a breakfast restaurant are available on site .
this air conditioned apartment includes a seating area with a flat - screen tv . there is a fully - equipped kitchen with a dishwasher , an oven and a microwave .
the disney pixar ' s cars themed - rooms feature a flat - screen tv with disney and international channels .
the property is just 500 metres from the sasso lungo ski slopes , connected to the sella ronda ski area .
offering panoramic sea views from all rooms , apartmans agnes enjoys a scenic location , a 5 - minute walk from the beach and the centre of sumartin .
featuring a bath , private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
the surrounding area offers a variety of national portuguese and international cafés , restaurants and bars .
the holiday home is 65 km from alicante airport .
free parking space is available on site .
the nearest airport is christchurch airport , 10 km from around the world backpackers .
the rooms at the carrascal complex have air conditioning , minibar and cable tv .
the pet - friendly motel has an outdoor pool and guest laundry facilities .
the hotel has a total capacity of about 100 beds arranged in 22 single rooms , 24 double rooms and 4 apartments .
each suite at the suites hotel comes with a spacious living and dining area .
the nearest airport is nizhny novgorod international airport , 16 km from yes ! hostel .
on site , aqua 307 serves american fare for breakfast and dinner amid views of the intracoastal waterways .
all rooms of the opera hotel are equipped with free wi - fi , a minibar , and a work desk .
air - conditioned rooms here come with a safe and a minibar . the private bathrooms are fitted with a shower or a bath .
located on the doorstep of northumberland national park , newcastle house offers countryside bed and breakfast accommodation in rothbury .
birdland b & b offers luxurious and antique - style interiors in a villa surrounded by a 6 hectares garden .
travel arrangements can be made at the tour desk .
the kitchenettes have dishwasher , fridge and kitchenware .
the third level features the master bedroom with a queen bed and an en suite bathroom . there is also a roof top deck available on the 3rd floor .
featuring an all - year indoor pool and free wifi throughout the property , guiyang guishan hotel offers comfortable accommodation .
towels and bed linen are provided .
a stately mansion in a seaside village , where classic hospitality is merged with contemporary comforts ... what could be more enticing ?
the property is a 3 - hour bus ride from cebu city .
latvian national opera is 2 . 5 km from warm & sunny studio , while riga congress centre is 2 . 6 km away .
set 200 metres from the beach on lake garda and a 10 - minute drive from lazise , camping le palme offers an outdoor swimming pool with hydromassage corner and a free gym .
the property offers free parking .
bars , restaurants and cafés can be found in the surrounding streets . surf and bike rental shops can be found along the beach .
guests can enjoy a typical italian breakfast , which is served in a communal area or in the guests ’ rooms .
paphos town lies within 10 km and paphos airport is located 17 km away .
a wake up service is offered .
private bathrooms come with a shower and basic toiletries .
all rooms are all equipped with complimentary toiletries .
free parking and wi - fi acces are available at domaine la forêt .
hotel rural porrua has a beautiful natural location in the east of asturias .
parador villafranca del bierzo is less than 1 km from the centre of villafranca del bierzo , south of the ancares mountains .
located in fortaleza , beach village praia do futuro 1104 offers an outdoor pool and a spa and wellness centre .
falcone - borsellino airport is 32 km from the property .
1 free parking spot can be used in the lenzerheide ’ s underground garage .
at this property guests will find a 24 - hour front desk and a bar .
nightly entertainment is available at missing - link .
this property is situated in a quiet rural setting , just 3 minutes ’ walk from chapeltown , and a 6 - minute drive from both knightstown and portmagee .
several restaurants can be found within a 10 - minute drive of dokterstuin cottage .
canoga hotel at warner center is 2 miles from pierce college .
pasifika museum is 3 . 1 km away .
guests can enjoy local delicacies from the paraiba state as well as some regional dishes at the restaurant of the hotel .
wellton centrum hotel & spa is 500 metres from the daugava river , and 8 km from the riga zoo .
rooms here will provide you with a seating area . private bathrooms also come with a shower .
this elegant hotel is found directly opposite vaasa train station .
towels and bed linen are provided in this self - catering accommodation .
this south carolina motel is located off interstate 95 and is 3 km from santee state park , where guests can fish in lake marion .
free public parking is available on site .
ostria ́ s house offers self catering studios and apartments with overwhelming views of the long sandy beach kaminia , the swimming pool or the garden .
they comprise a fully equipped kitchenette with a dining area , as well as a private bathroom .
free parking is available on site .
bishkek train station is 1 km from kg apartments , and the distance to manas international airport is 29 km .
onn hotel is 102 km from chandigarh domestic airport and 140 km from amritsar international airport .
featuring a national park , dajti mountain is 12 km from eklips hotel , while tirana city centre can be reached in 3 . 2 km .
the accommodation is equipped with a flat - screen tv with cable channels .
each room is equipped with a tv . you will find a kettle in the room .
you will find a kettle in the room . every room is fitted with a private bathroom .
downtown concord , california is 5 minutes from the motel .
nautibeach condos is 1 km from discovery dolphins and from parque garrafon park .
the city of varna is just a 10 - minute bus ride away from the complex magnolia .
free private parking is available on site .
rooms at eden hotel feature a private bathroom with a shower and free toiletries . a tv and a direct dial phone are provided , and the windows offer views of the surrounding area .
located in the stubai valley , gasthof kirchbrücke enjoys a quiet location 3 km from mieders .
surrounded by olive groves and vineyards , agriturismo il poggio offers free wi - fi , an outdoor swimming pool , tennis court and table tennis .
the private bathroom includes a hairdryer .
situated in the foothills of the santa catalina mountains , this all - suite hotel overlooks the tucson , arizona skyline , and features spacious 2 - room suites filled with a variety of amenities .
the boqueria market is less than 5 minutes ’ walk away .
free public parking is also possible on site .
towels and bed linen are provided .
the art deco district on ocean drive is 6 minutes ’ walk from the property .
there is also an electric kettle .
the property is a member of porta aberta project .
there is free parking on site .
hotel airport has a guest laundry facility and offer dry cleaning and ironing services .
greentree inn hainan sanya internat features free wifi .
towels and bed linen are available in this apartment .
massages and beauty treatments are also on offer .
the famous arbat street is a 5 - minute walk away . the kremlin and the red square are a 15 - minute walk from the hotel .
towels are available .
it has a hot tub and a steam room .
the rijksmuseum and van gogh museum are a 15 - minute walk away . the albert cuypstraat tram stop is a 7 - minute walk and offers direct access to amsterdam central station with tram 16 and 24 .
free wi - fi and a full kitchen are provided in guest rooms .
the guest house features a terrace and a green yard with a fountain and outdoor furniture .
rodon café serves international cuisine , while awarded chefs prepare greek recipes at the amphitheater music restaurant .
the kitchen includes all the necessary cooking appliances , as well as free coffee - making facilities , seasonings , olive oil and balsamic vinegar .
the ibis la ciotat hotel also has a swimming pool , restaurant , bar and outdoor terrace .
pollença golf club can be reached in 17 minutes by car .
free wi - fi access is available .
it includes parquet floors , a kettle , and a flat - screen tv .
the spa centre includes a sauna , a hot tub and a hammam and offers a range of massage and body treatments .
the apartments come with a kitchen , dining area and electric kettle .
at clarion collection grand olav , guests can enjoy free afternoon waffles and all - day tea , coffee and organic fruit .
buffet breakfast with tropical fruits , natural juices and pastries is served daily at pousada beira - mar .
the property features a pool with sea views and a terrace . free private parking is available on site .
rooms at ibis styles liverpool centre dale st have a bathroom , tea and coffee - making facilities , a desk and a flat - screen tv with freeview channels .
just a 20 - minute walk from edinburgh ’ s historic centre , blossom house is only half a mile from holyrood park .
the cosy lounge , alte gleise , offers a relaxed atmosphere , fine wines and homemade german , polish and czech specialities , prepared from seasonal , locally grown ingredients . favourite dishes include a sauerkraut pot , polish bigos , goulash and german schnitzel with potatoes .
the seaside is an 8 - minute drive away .
all rooms are equipped with a private bathroom .
the hotel offers a breakfast buffet , served every day in the dining room .
the guest house offers a bar and snack bar .
foshan colorful season is a 5 - minute drive from wufeng park and a 10 - minute drive from foshan paradise .
each room here is air conditioned and will provide you with a flat - screen tv .
there is a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
free private parking is available .
this holiday home is 66 km from billund airport .
stuttgart city centre is about 25 kilometres away .
the spacious living room includes comfortable sofas , a satellite lcd tv and dvd player .
gare de paris - saint - lazare is 1 . 4 km away and gare du nord is 1 . 7 km away .
the seating area allows guests to relax with some satellite tv .
velingrad guest house is situated 4 km from kleptuza spring and 200 metres from velingrad centre , and offers a garden with a seating area , free on - site parking and a terrace .
this courtyard hotel is located off i - 15 , 20 miles from salt lake city international airport .
pula airport is located 37 km from apartments anica .
bike rental is available on site , while a pool is located nearby .
airport shuttle services are arranged at an additional fee .
the rooms come with a private bathroom .
free wifi is featured and free private parking in the courtyard is available .
the rooms have a private bathroom .
offering a garden , montesuello apartments offers pet - friendly accommodation in desenzano del garda .
bathrooms are fitted with a shower .
with its modern designs and welcoming atmosphere , twenty - seven bites brasserie offers fresh buffet , serving western and eastern cuisine .
free wi - fi access is available .
seychelles international airport is 6 km away .
the property offers free parking .
featuring free wifi throughout the property , villa pinto offers pet - friendly accommodation in lucera .
free wi - fi access is available .
other cafes , a night club and spa are a short walk away .
south bluff golf course is 6 km away .
featuring a shower , the bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and a bidet .
apartment anka is a self - catering accommodation located in trsteno . freewifi access is available .
space farms zoo and museum is 20 minutes ' drive from the hotel and suites holiday inn express newton . mountain creek resort , offering skiing in the winter and a water park in the summer , is just 30 minutes ' drive away .
it is set in a building once belonging to galileo ' s family .
albergo morando is 30 km from serravalle scrivia outlet shopping center . genoa is a 1 - hour drive away .
opening out onto private balconies and patios , airy rooms at villa la palma include a spacious lounge with tv and dvd set .
the property has a private beach area and free use of bicycles is available .
cascais beach is 3 . 7 km away and the tamariz beach is 5 . 4 km away .
it offers an indoor heated pool and free parking .
located in paris , bastille suite is 300 metres from bastille opera house and 800 metres from gare de lyon train station .
at aba apartamenty you will find a garden .
restaurants and bars can be found just 0 . 2 miles away .
free wi - fi and a flat - screen tv with satellite channels feature in all of the air - conditioned , individually decorated rooms .
for late night snacks , a small buffet of hot and cold snacks , fruits and cold sandwiches are served .
other facilities at ca vostra include an outdoor pool .
inmodelpas canigou apartments and studios feature a lounge area with sofa bed and tv and a kitchen equipped with microwave , coffee maker and toaster .
located on the sandy coast of anse volbert , this 4 - star resort features a spa and a variety of indoor and outdoor activities .
free wi - fi and a continental breakfast are provided .
millennium hotel queenstown is located in central queenstown . the hotel is a short walk to the local shopping and entertainment areas .
apartment tato and nini ' s features views of the city and is 1 km from rustaveli theatre .
the manati park , an interesting touristic attraction , can be reached in a 10 - minute drive .
start the day with a tasty breakfast buffet . check your emails using free wireless internet access .
canterbury cathedral is a 30 - minute drive away .
staff at this family - run hotel can organise tours in the surroundings and also offer a ticket service .
tea trees is set within a leafy tropical garden , a 2 - minute walk from little cove beach and a 15 - minute walk from hastings street .
guests can rent a car to explore the surroundings , recharge with massage treatments , or visit the beauty shop .
the kitchen is equipped with a fridge , microwave , oven and a dining area .
there is a shared lounge and gift shop at the property .
rapperswil old town with its castle , harbour and pedestrian zone is 1 km away .
free parking facilities are offered to those who drive and an atm machine is available on - site .
the rooms are air - conditioned and equipped with flat - screen tvs and coffee making facilities .
you can engage in various activities , such as golfing , snorkelling and cycling .
the complimentary daily breakfast features items like eggs , bacon , waffles and fresh fruit .
mercure saint etienne parc de l ' europe is located opposite the parc de l ’ europe , 4 . 2 km from the centre of saint - etienne and 2 . 3 km from the convention centre .
common areas feature antique furniture .
the nearest airport is reus airport , 8 km from the property .
at homestay garden rest kandy you will find a garden , shared lounge and barbecue facilities .
towels and bed linen are featured in this apartment .
hermanus golf course is a 5 - minute drive away .
simply furnished , the accommodation will provide you with cable tv and night tables with lamps .
the arts & science center for southeast arkansas is a short drive from this pine bluff , arkansas hotel .
elafonisos port lies within 500 metres from kontogoni rooms , while the famous beach of simos is at 4 km .
there is free entry to varde water park . the property also offers free parking on site .
the helpful staff at the 24 - hour front desk can assist guests with travel information and suggestions on the must - see attractions .
there is a private bathroom with free toiletries in every unit .
free wifi access is available .
at economy inn you will find a 24 - hour front desk .
the kitchen is fitted with an oven .
there is a dining area and a kitchen complete with an oven and a fridge . a flat - screen tv with satellite channels is available .
free private parking is available on site .
it provides a garden , free private parking . free wifi is featured .
the accommodation comes with a flat - screen tv .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out golfclub kitzbühel schwarzsee ( 3 . 4 km ). salzburg airport is located 59 km away .
the beautifully groomed garden surrounding the villa is set around a large pampering seasonal swimming pool , with armchairs and hammocks hidden beneath shady trees , offering complete tranquility .
the rooms are fitted with a tv . some units have a seating area for your convenience .
the plush sofa , tapestries and parquet floor add comfort to the stay .
sri sankata mochan hanuman temple is 500 metres from fabhotel shivala - assi ghat , while assi ghat is 600 metres from the property .
free wifi is available throughout the property .
the area is full of hiking opportunities of varying difficulty levels .
there is a private bathroom with a shower .
en suite bathroom comes with a shower and a set of toiletries .
the encina centenaria ’ s staff can provide information about the surrounding nature reserve and local cycling , hiking , 4x4 , horse riding and wine routes .
set in a building with a gym , ludus sport minihotel offers compact , simply furnished rooms with a wardrobe in saint petersburg , 10 km from the hermitage museum . free wifi is provided in public areas .
located in florence , ariento offers self - catering accommodation with free wifi . the apartment is 400 metres from santa maria novella .
towels are provided .
simon bolivar park , a popular venue for concerts and outdoor entertainment is a 10 - minute drive from the hotel .
guests of the waldorf palace enjoy discounted rates at the nearby beach , equipped with parasols , sun loungers and changing rooms .
gialiskari beach is 1 . 5 km away , vourkari is 2 km away and otzias beach is 5 . 5 km away .
krabi pier - klong jirad is 3 . 6 km away from the property .
the b & b can help guests to organize their visit to the capital of europe .
bathrooms include a bath or shower and a hairdryer .
the staff at stavros apartments can provide information on nearby touristic attractions .
the bathroom is complete and comes with bathrobe , slippers and free toiletries .
there is an 24 - hour front desk at the property where luggage storage and safety deposit box are available .
free wifi access is available .
a 3 - minute walk to central market and a 10 - minute drive to angkor wat , ancient angkor offers an outdoor pool , restaurant and free wi - fi .
istanbul ataturk airport is 16 km from the property .
contemporary rooms are furnished with amenities from a flat - screen tv and a fridge , to nightwear and toiletries .
featuring an award - winning restaurant and free wi - fi , vineyard cottages & café offers boutique eco - friendly accommodation surrounded by beautiful gardens .
charleston city centre is 57 minutes ’ drive from this hotel . guests will be 30 minutes ’ drive from orangeburg .
diamond house heritage restaurant serves modern australian dishes and an extensive wine list .
you can enjoy pool and garden views .
local specialities , sweet and savoury , are served daily for breakfast .
hungarian and international cuisine is served in the restaurant .
free wifi access is available .
the trin dorf bus stop is 100 metres from the ringel trin apartment .
free parking is available on site .
families with children can benefit from a 4 - lane bowling alley , a playground and a games room .
front desk is attended 24 hours a day .
from june to october , guests enjoy free use of all cable cars and public buses in the saas valley .
just 200 metres from siófok marina , pálma panzió is a 10 - minute walk from the town centre .
the kitchen is fully equipped .
laguna villas offers a resort community clubhouse with 2 tennis courts , sun beds and a barbecue area .
agrielia consists of 4 separate bedrooms , 3 bathrooms , a fully equipped kitchen with dining area and a living room .
guests enjoy a sweet breakfast every morning , served buffet - style in a communal living room .
every room is fitted with a private bathroom equipped with a bath .
free parking is available at the apartments .
guests can cook at home , with a major supermarket 4 km away , and there are several restaurants serving national and international cuisine within 5 km .
the resort is 14 km from chaweng beach .
free toiletries and a hairdryer can be found in the private bathroom .
dorms feature individual curtains for privacy .
laundry facilities are also available in the property .
the spacious rooms at mercure istanbul airport boast chic contemporary décor .
situated next to the royal golf club du sart - tilman in boncelles , ibis liège seraing offers soundproof rooms with free wifi , only a 12 - minute drive from the city centre of liège .
it features an outdoor pool and all - suite accommodation with a full kitchenette and dining area .
it also has a foosball table and a living area with a flat - screen tv .
there is a bar 50 metres from the property , while a pizza restaurant and a grocery store can be found in about 400 metres .
guests can relax on comfortable sofa or enjoy views of the sea or the forest from spacious balcony or terrace .
budapest liszt ferenc airport is located 17 km away .
rooms at the grand hotel are comfortably furnished and feature air conditioning , a flat - screen cable tv and a minibar .
it takes 5 . 5 hours to travel from bandaranaike international airport .
a ski school is just a 3 - minute walk away .
the hotel morgane is situated 100 metres from trestraou beach .
snorkelling equipment , kayaks , outrigger canoes and pedal boats are available for use free of charge .
there is also a bar . hotel del pozo also has a business centre .
set a 2 - minute walk from the south beach in sunny beach resort , solymar apartments in karolina resort comes with free use of the swimming pool and the sun loungers .
there is an outdoor swimming pool and all of the rooms have satellite tv .
the cream colored rooms also have a comfortable seating area and desk .
the rooms offer free wi - fi and satellite tv .
the nearest airport is paphos international airport , 52 km from amazing room limassol .
guests can also try the restaurants just a few metres away from the property .
located 5 km from goreme open air museum , this pension offers panoramic valley and village views .
hot and cold buffet breakfast is served daily .
la casita del mar is a located in sitges ' charming old town , 50 metres from the seafront promenade .
apartments and studios also include a fully equipped kitchenette .
in - room dining is also possible with room service .
free wifi and free private parking are available on site .
located 10 minutes ’ walk from the black sea beach , this hotel in dzhubga village features an outdoor swimming pool .
situated in the centre of budapest city and the st . stephen ' s basilica reachable within 500 metres , private apartment centertown offers a self - catered accommodation with free wifi available in all areas .
a 5 - minute walk from bankai beach , bay lounge resort offers peaceful accommodation in koh phangan .
41 on cedar is a halaal property and serves breakfast upon request .
the nearest airport is grenoble - isère airport , 110 km from the property .
set 300 metres from the lido di ostia nord train station , perla di ostia offers classically furnished rooms with free wi - fi .
tekapo retreat offers accommodation in lake tekapo , 41 km from twizel .
located in hang dong , the new concept boutique hotel features modern rooms with a fully - equipped kitchen .
you will find a shared kitchen at the property .
all guestrooms feature balconies and are equipped with air conditioning , cable tvs and free internet access .
time out mini hotel is 9 metro stops from kievskiy train station and 41 km from sheremetyevo international airport .
located in aquiraz , 650 metres from beach park , apartmento aquiraz offers an outdoor pool and a restaurant .
some rooms have shared facilities , others are equipped with private bathrooms .
garage car parking is possible on site at a surcharge .
there is a volley ball court , mini - football pitch and children playground .
there is a seating area , a dining area and a kitchen as well as a private bathroom with free toiletries and a hairdryer .
located 2 km from the centre of grindelwald and the firstbahn cable car , apartment seraina offers a balcony , a fireplace and a fully equipped kitchen with dishwasher . free wifi is available .
the units at paradise found have a balcony or patio with magnificent lagoon views . they are equipped with satellite tv and a private bathroom with shower .
also featured is an international buffet restaurant .
beverages can be enjoyed at the bar .
fiumicino airport is 15 minutes ' drive away , and a transfer service is available on request .
gorlero avenue is 8 km from blue marine apartment , while brava beach is 8 km from the property .
each room comes with a private bathroom with a bath or shower and bidet , with free toiletries and a hairdryer provided .
the villa has 3 bedrooms one of which has en suite bathroom .
dinner features modern interpretations of new zealand classics , including the famous texel lamb .
the white rustic villas feature wooden beams and a furnished patio .
each room here features a private bathroom with free toiletries and cable tv .
the 24 - hour front desk stores luggage and offers currency exchange .
wild roses is located in the bos en lommer district of amsterdam , only a 3 - minute walk to tram stop de rijpstraat .
hotel san jorge is located in alcalá de los gazules , in andalucía ’ s beautiful arconocales nature reserve .
if your check - in time changes , please update the property .
côte d ' azur airport is 6 km from the property .
set near the candigliano river , agriturismo la caprareccia offers provides country - style accommodation , an outdoor pool and restaurant .
harem hotel is only 200 metres from the sea with an outdoor pool , sauna and a traditional turkish bath . it offers stunning views of the bosphorus and the historical maiden ’ s tower from its rooms and terrace .
in the morning , guests can choose from a continental and a buffet breakfast .
a hot breakfast is served every morning .
phuket international airport is 27 km away .
a dishwasher , an oven and a fridge can be found in the kitchen .
gajapinn spa features traditional thai massage , while the resort ' s library contains a wide selection of movies and books .
clock tower , as well as poros town centre are at a distance of 1 km .
it offers an outdoor hot - spring bath , free parking and free wi - fi access .
alternatively , there are many restaurants surrounding the hotel .
offering an outdoor pool and a restaurant , tucan suites aparthotel offers self - catering accommodation in tarapoto . free wifi access is available and breakfast is provided each morning at this apart hotel .
villa dei pini ' s excellent location is just a short car ride away from interesting tourist sights like the castellana grotte , the trulli of alberobello , bari , ostuni , lecce , matera .
it features an exterior veranda next to the brenta shore , where meals can be enjoyed in the greenery .
just 1 . 5 km from campo grande centre and municipal market , brumado features an outdoor pool with sunloungers and well - equipped gym .
barbecue facilities and outdoor furniture are provided in the tree - lined garden .
bed linen is provided .
it offers apartments with a balcony and satellite tv .
five main avenues is 2 . 8 km from the property .
modern facilities include satellite tv , a wii and a telephone .
longji travel coach station is located a 55 - minute drive away .
the apartment has a double bedroom , a twin bedroom and a lounge with a sofa and tv .
the property is a 20 - minute drive away from cape town international airport .
nearby the property there is a restaurant ( 1 , 5 km ) and a shopping area ( 1 , 5 km ).
dreamz inn offers a tour desk and meeting / banquet facilities .
table mountain is just 3 km away .
hiking , cycling and skiing are popular activities in the allgäu .
other facilities offered on - site includes a terrace and room service .
free wifi is available throughout the property .
public parking spaces are located outside each cityrentals berlin apartment .
offering air - conditioned rooms with a furnished terrace and views of a green garden , l ' abbiocco is a 10 - minute walk from avola ' s beach and city centre .
free scheduled shuttle service from kalibo airport is available from 07 : 00 to 19 : 00 daily .
with free wi - fi throughout , the colourful rooms have mountain views and include a closet , seating area , and private bathroom with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
surrounded by fantastic views and only 10 - minute drive from osorno volcano ski centre , cabañas ensenada offers self - catering bungalow accommodations in ensenada .
there is a shared bathroom with a shower in the main house .
popular meals from the hungarian cuisine can be tasted at the restaurant .
the en suite bathroom has free toiletries .
suria klcc is 800 metres from summer suites residences , while the nearest airport is sultan abdul aziz shah airport , which is 18 km from summer suites residences .
the property offers free parking .
guestrooms at hôtel denarié are spacious and decorated in warm wooden furnishings .
it offers an outdoor pool , restaurant and a bar .
featuring a shower , private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries .
guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings , including skiing and fishing .
piazza vincenzo bellini , one of the city ' s main nightlife hubs , is 500 metres away .
each room has a private balcony that offers shade , and views over the gardens .
each room is equipped with a fridge , an electric kettle and a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
guests can enjoy chinese , western and japanese dishes on the hotel ’ s 3 restaurants .
non - smoking rooms are also available .
bed linen and towels are provided .
park arawa is less than 5 minutes ’ drive from the apartments .
a buffet breakfast with hot options is available each day in the modern great room .
it features an outdoor pool and a hot tub as well as free wifi and air conditioning .
all rooms at the ibis styles speyer feature classic design with soundproofed windows and high - quality beds .
hotel zur post bad kötzting is a historic 17th - century building . the elegant non - smoking rooms all include satellite tv , a seating area and a private bathroom .
it offers modern apartments with a balcony and fully equipped kitchenette .
laundry services are offered on site .
a number of activities are offered in the area , such as horse riding and snorkeling .
nestled within private gardens , visethana boutique is located 2 . 2 km from samudera supermarket and offers acommodation in sihanoukville .
a flat - screen tv is available .
a ski storage room and a ski boot dryer are available .
featuring tiled floors and simple furnishing , all bright units open to a private balcony with views over the garden .
free private parking is available on site .
orlinds tunas is 5 minutes ’ walk from sriti cave and is an hour ’ s drive from malioboro street and also adi sucipto international airport .
spacious rooms have a stylish interior with wooden flooring .
the house and the apartments all have a tv , and all apartments have a small kitchen with a hob .
accommodation is bright and simply furnished .
the apartment is 1 . 5 km from cathedral of christ the saviour .
set in ouled driss , riad les jardins de bounou offers a 2 - hectares agriculture farm with a rooftop terrace and furnished terraces , a garden and tour desk .
featuring free wifi , guest house poseidon offers accommodation in olginka . free private parking is available on site .
phnom penh international airport is 4 km away .
extras include slippers and a hair dryer .
guests can head to the 24 - hour front desk for assistance with airport shuttle , bicycle rental , laundry and ironing services .
each room includes a tv and a private bathroom with shower .
spike bar overlooks the golf course and resort grounds and offers local and imported beer and wine .
the kitchenette is equipped with an oven and a fridge .
facilities include a flat - screen tv and cooling fan .
riverdale farmhouse is situated among picturesque surroundings of irish west coast , only 7 km from the cliffs of moher .
the spectacular snowdonia national park is 45 minutes from wollaston lodge .
guests have access to shared bathroom facilities and there are security lockers in the dormitories .
the hotel provides a range of dining options , including a signature chinese restaurant and a beautiful all - day dining room .
free wifi is offered throughout the property and free private parking is available on site .
petrovsky stadium is 1 . 6 km from the property .
the kitchen is equipped with an oven and a microwave and there is a private bathroom .
guests of ferienhof esterhammer can relax in a sauna and a solarium , play table tennis , and use the barbecue facilities in the garden .
each apartment at renttarter sans espais includes a seating area with a tv . there is a fully equipped kitchen and a washing machine and tumble dryer are also included .
some of the properties have a sofa and blu - ray players .
bicycles and rowing boats can be rented at sparrens bed and breakfast .
javea town centre is just 4 . 5 km from casa sarah .
it offers cosy rooms with computers and free wired internet access .
you can also reserve dinner at the nearby l ' illustre restaurant at a discounted price .
a classic italian breakfast is available daily , with sweet croissants and cappuccino coffee .
carlton guest house is an 8 - minute drive from anne hathaway ’ s cottage and 8 minutes ’ walk from shakespeare ’ s birthplace .
a range of popular local restaurants can have your meal costs added to your accommodation bill .
guests can avail of fax and photocopying service .
the ca ' d ' oro ’ s rooms are air conditioned and come with a minibar and satellite tv . some have views of the rio di ca ' dolce canal .
you will find a 24 - hour front desk at the property .
ragusa is 24 km from sicily relax , while noto is 50 km away . the nearest airport is comiso airport , 25 km from the property .
just 20 metres from drios beach , the cycladic - style nissiotiko offers self - catering accommodation with free wifi throughout .
a welcome drink , bed linen and a city map are provided free of charge .
in the area you will find shops , grocers , supermarkets , restaurants , bars , bus stop " grassina 31 - 32 " 1 km .
located just 10 minutes ’ walk from the famous walking arbat street in moscow , these apartments feature a fully equipped kitchen and free wi - fi . smolenskaya metro station is less than 1 km away .
the meira hotel is located only 200 metres from praia das crianças and 13 km from viana do castelo . porto city centre can be found at the distance of 80 km .
the nearest restaurant and grocery stores are reachable within 100 metres from the vlasta guest house .
the en suite bathroom comes with hairdryer , shower and free toiletries .
the property offers conference and function rooms .
a shared garden with barbecue facilities and a children ' s playground is at guests ' disposal .
edinburgh airport is 48 km away .
they offer free wifi , modern décor and 2 balconies with views of a nearby lake .
at harjas palace you will find a 24 - hour front desk .
extras include bed linen .
a short walk across the river will take you into rome ' s historic centre .
breakfast is available upon request at an additional cost .
decorated with white linens and wood furniture , all rooms include ironing facilities .
a soundproofed meeting room is also available .
the room also offers a safety - deposit box and a view of the pool . rooms are soundproof .
each room at apartments na podgornoy is colourfully furnished and includes a tv , a fully equipped kitchen and a private bathroom .
goodapest apartment iii . offers pet - friendly accommodation in budapest , 400 metres from state opera house .
you can engage in various activities , such as horse riding , windsurfing and cycling .
the hotel features an indoor hot tub , serves a continental breakfast and offers free wifi .
baan boran is located in bangkok city , a 5 - minute walk from the lively khaosan road .
the hotel is 900 metres from the museum of fine arts , while benito juárez international airport is a 30 - minute drive away .
zadar airport is at a distance of 11 km and shuttle service can be organised at a surcharge .
the property provides free wifi and free private parking is available on site .
cala ferris beach is 1 . 3 km from bennecke michel and alicante airport is 40 minutes ’ drive away .
studios and apartments come with a seating area and a fully equipped kitchens or kitchenettes .
the on - site restaurant serves international dishes .
on - site at the hilton garden inn schaumburg , guests can enjoy starting the day with breakfast at the garden grille restaurant or with a workout in the modern fitness centre .
casas do montado ’ s villas are traditionally decorated with wooden furniture . each of the air - conditioned villas has a private entrance , a fireplace , as well as a private bathroom with shower .
garak market is 5 km from 2 residence , while munjeong - dong rodeo street is 5 km away .
a free shuttle service to / from pineto city centre and train station is provided .
the nearest airport is burgas airport , 48 km from family hotel the lake .
towels and bed linen are featured in this apartment .
innovative service apartment hinjewadi offers an outdoor swimming pool .
a typical italian breakfast is served daily . it includes hot drinks , croissants and pastries .
rooms are cool and comfortable with tiled floors , and a private bathroom with hairdryer and toiletries .
a heritage - listed mansion in the yarra valley wine region , chateau yering hotel offers elegant victorian - style suites in a garden setting .
the queen anne is a 10 - minute walk from grand place and the belgian centre for comic strip art .
apartament al jerozolimskie offers accommodation in warsaw .
staff can offer information on diving , hiking and rock climbing activities .
furthermore , the property provides free luggage storage , an airport shuttle service on request and a car rental .
gloria design suites are set on an historical building in the centre of lisbon between liberdade avenue and bairro alto district .
the property offers free parking .
other facilities include a tour desk and dvd library at the reception .
equipped with air conditioning , wardrobes and night stands , the compact rooms are located on the 3rd floor of the tower .
the holzhotel forsthofalm was awarded the eu ecolabel 2012 and the aphrodite spa award for ecology and sustainability .
there is a lounge with a fireplace , and wellness centre with a steam bath and jacuzzi .
teramo is a 25 - minute drive away .
you will find a shared lounge and hairdresser ' s at the property .
the nearest airport is genoa cristoforo colombo airport , 22 km from the property .
a sweet and savoury breakfast is provided daily , including homemade pastries , cold cuts , and cheeses .
situated in antalya ’ s city centre , cender hotel offers rooms with a private balcony featuring panoramic views of the mediterranean sea .
the unterbrunn hotel also features an à la carte restaurant serving italian cuisine .
the nearest airport is anapa airport , 6 km from guest house kassis .
estelar apartamentos medellin is located only 5 km from medellin ’ s city centre , where guests can visit the catedral metropolitana , plaza mayor , and the basílica de la candelaria .
the hotel also has a business centre and 24 - hour front desk .
free private parking is available on site .
ms apartments khimki on leninsky prospekt are 15 km from from sheremetyevo international airport , and moscow ring road is 3 km away .
the property offers free private parking .
a toaster and refrigerator are also provided , as well as a kettle .
grand hyatt cannes hotel martinez offers direct access onto the beach and is within walking distance of the shopping area .
free wifi access and a flat - screen tv are provided in this self - catering apartment .
bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for horse riding and snorkelling .
all rooms feature free wi - fi , free local phone calls and a satellite tv with movie channels .
set in the suburbs just outside of downtown st . paul and surrounded by major corporations including 3m , this oakdale , minnesota hotel offers spacious guestrooms with microwaves and mini - refrigerators .
other facilities offered at the property include a tour desk , luggage storage and an ironing service .
st . mary ’ s hospital is less than 2 km away .
this pet - friendly property is within 2 km from da lat market and da lat flower gardens .
guests are provided with fully - equipped kitchens which come complete with a dishwasher and microwave .
offering free , fenced parking and a garden with a swimming pool and sun terrace , hotel casa serena is on the shores of lake garda , a pleasant 15 - minute walk from malcesine centre .
the famous museum triangle , including the prado museum , is within 15 minutes ’ walk of the property .
the hotel also offers car hire .
a buffet breakfast including bread , eggs , fruits , jams , cheese varieties , salami , olive , tea , coffee and milk is served daily .
the sahita luxury residence and villa is 20 minutes ’ drive from canggu beach while it takes 30 minutes to drive to the lively seminyak .
all rooms have simple furniture and are decorated in warm colours .
the garden also has a barbecue .
at villa vasilis you will find a garden , barbecue facilities and a terrace .
staff at the hotel can assist with the organisations of tours , excursions and airport transfers .
a cable tv and a seating area are featured in each air - conditioned room at payette motel .
all of the soundproofed rooms have satellite tv and a work desk , and include facilities for making hot drinks .
buffet breakfast is offered .
all units have a kitchen fitted with a microwave and toaster . a refrigerator and stovetop are also offered , as well as a coffee machine and a kettle .
offering a spa centre and indoor pool , nuga eden tangalle is set in tangalle , 1 . 3 km from mulkirigala rock monastery . the guest house has an outdoor pool and year - round outdoor pool , and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant . free wifi is featured throughout the property and free private parking is available on site .
the modern and soundproofed rooms at hotel do vale are fitted with a minibar .
the private bathroom includes a hairdryer .
each room has a tv . certain units include a seating area where you can relax .
it takes 1 hour to drive to qinhuangdao airport .
gola del furlo natural reserve is 16 . 5 km from ii nido del viaggiatore . cagli is a 25 - minute drive away .
free private parking is possible on site and the lake of saint croix is 20 km from the property .
guests receive a welcome pack on arrival , whilst there is also a washing machine , bed linen and towels .
a covered outdoor terrace boasts a fireplace .
wood log accents are styled throughout .
it offers free wifi , free on - site private parking , as well as a restaurant , bar and terrace .
parking is free at the park hotel .
at prime park hotel you will find a 24 - hour front desk .
the villa offers a garden and a terrace , air conditioning , a living room with a sofa , a dvd player and a flat - screen tv , a kitchen with a dishwasher and a dining area , and a bathroom with a spa bath .
free wifi access is available .
a sweet and savoury buffet breakfast is available daily and includes fruit juices , cappuccinos , cold cuts , cheeses , and pastries .
you can enjoy garden view .
featuring a well - maintained garden , emerald residency offers luggage storage and car rental facilities . a tour desk and business centre are also present .
boasting natural hot spring baths both indoor and open - air , shogetsu offers luxurious japanese - style accommodation overlooking gero hot spring town .
porto international airport is 197 km from the quinta da geia villas .
free high - speed wifi is available in all areas .
hadrian ' s gate is 2 . 2 km from elips royal hotel & spa . antalya airport is 14 km from the property .
the en suite bathroom features hot / cold showers , towels and free toiletries .
thessaloniki airport is 65 km away .
please note : car is not advisable .
paralia katerinis is 3 . 3 km from aparments artemis , while veria is 81 , 6 km away .
the bright bedroom features a large bookcase and a flat - screen tv . the spacious bathroom has a shower .
grocery shops and restaurants can be found within walking distance and free wi - fi access is provided .
the classic - style apartment has a tv and a terrace with outdoor furniture .
non - smoking rooms are also available .
there is a shared dining room with a kitchen equipped with barbecue , oven , tv and a seating area where guests can relax while having a coffee .
the nearest airport is carrasco international airport , 18 km from ejidonia hostel montevideo .
this apartment has 2 double bedrooms and 2 bathroom with a shower , hairdryer , and free toiletries .
the best western l ’ oree is located a few minutes from paris ’ s porte d ’ orleans , in a 6 - hectare garden .
the hotel offers an outdoor pool and rooms with free wi - fi .
guests may park motorbikes for free in a private garage .
the nearest airport is debrecen international airport , 7 km from the property .
in summer the kaprunerhof is an ideal starting point for hikes and bicycle and mountain bike tours .
facilities include an indoor pool , 2 spa baths , a steam room and modern gym .
nanmen bridge is 500 metres from china blue inn . guan men kou is 600 metres away .
a tour desk and car rental provide travel assistance for guests . rockland has a business centre and meeting facilities .
free private parking is available on site .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including skiing , cycling and horse riding .
bike hire is available at this farm stay and the area is popular for horse riding and snorkelling .
peppers mineral springs retreat features an award - winning day spa , an on - site restaurant , a bar and a guest lounge with an open fireplace . guests enjoy accommodation with free wifi . relax amongst leafy gardens and beautiful courtyards .
accommodation at sacha ' s hotel uno provides a variety of amenities that include spacious bathrooms with rain showers .
the accommodation is parallel to the via cola rienzo shopping street .
the accommodation features a satellite flat - screen tv .
shangri - la mall and makati , ayala avenue are about a 15 - minute drive away .
free wifi access is available .
there is a multitude of restaurants , cafés and bars in the vicinity , for example u balbínů restaurant is 20 metres from the apartment and café colore is 25 metres away .
the bungalows are facing the lake , where you can enjoy fishing or boating . the large garden boasts barbecue facilities and a common lounge and kitchen are also available .
church of archangel michael is 2 km from din - din guest house , while church of ilya the prophet is 2 . 1 km away .
wi - fi is free .
a rich breakfast buffet with fresh fruit and healthy products is available in the morning .
riviera suites offers a personal grocery delivery service at an additional charge .
the sēļu park is 2 km away .
a sauna , turkish bath and a massage room are available on site .
there are plenty of shops , cafes and restaurants nearby .
the unit is 2 . 7 km from hermitage museum .
it lies just steps from the train station and a 10 - minute train ride from osnabrück .
the apartment has two bedrooms and offers housing for 6 people .
the nearest bus stop is 100 metres away for buses to falconara marittima and numana .
some king rooms include a sofa bed and coffee table .
there is also a shop onsite .
bang tao beach apartment offers an outdoor pool and a fitness centre . boasting spacious accommodation , it also has a a games room and luggage storage service .
guests are invited to a tropical and extensive buffet breakfast with fresh fruits , juices , cereals and homemade breads .
situated in moscow , 2 . 7 km from saint basil ' s cathedral , hostel serebryanyiy dozhd features air - conditioned rooms and free private parking .
noclegi autotechnik is located in bielsk podlaski .
kaali crater is 16 km away .
guests can enjoy the on - site bar . free private parking is available on site .
the restaurant serving lithuanian cuisine is just about 15 metres away .
featuring a rooftop swimming pool , best western hotel harbour view also provides free wi - fi in all areas .
all rooms include cable tv and a private bathroom , and some rooms have a balcony .
guests benefit from balcony and an outdoor pool .
the empire state plaza is a 10 - minute drive from the hotel .
located in the heart of schwerin ' s old town , this intimate , family - run hotel occupies a quaint , 18th - century , half - timbered building .
the private bathroom includes a hairdryer and shower .
located in kokkari , it is 20 metres from the beach and 300 metres from the village centre .
the scenic apollonia town is 8 km away and artemonas village is at distance of 9 km .
en suite bathrooms come with a shower or a bathtub , some with bathrobes .
brindisi is 33 km from the property .
the private bathroom includes a shower .
all rooms at motel gyeongju bally are equipped with air conditioning and heating facilities . they have an en suite bathroom with bathtub and spa shower facilities . each room has a fridge and a comfortable seating area .
a flat - screen tv is featured .
free private parking is available at a location nearby .
bungalows at aguada chica are fully - furnished .
the historic centre is a few steps from le farfalle affittacamere , while portovenere is 13 km from this property .
all of them have plasma tvs , air conditioning and private bathrooms .
muir station shopping complex is within a 5 - minute drive .
westin hefei baohe is a 46 - minute drive from hefei xinqiao international airport and only 161 metres from the bao gong temple .
the property offers free parking .
while the resort does not house a restaurant , hap chan restaurant is a 30 - minute drive away and serves chinese cuisines , while goldilocks restaurant is a 20 - minute drive and serves local cuisines .
scorpios - apts also offers free private parking .
sheremetyevo airport is 12 km from the property .
you can have a drink at the bar .
all rooms are decorated with colourful local artwork and have plenty of natural light .
and homemade marmalade .
bed linens are provided .
ski equipment hire is available at the property and the area is popular for skiing .
at 7days inn shenzhen longhua qinghu metro you will find a 24 - hour front desk . other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage . the property offers free parking .
al ghurair centre is 12 km from dubai land - the villa , while twin towers shopping centre is 13 km from the property .
studio taubenschlag offers a self - catering accommodation unit in engelberg centre , 1 km from titlis rotair cable car and 800 metres from brunni cable car .
there is a bathing lake in 16 km , tennis courts , riding stables , sports centre and miniature golf in 1 km .
all accommodation units also come with a kettle and contain a private bathroom with a shower .
treviso antonio canova airport is just 6 km away .
free private parking is possible on site .
holidays apartament - near seaside offers accommodation in gdańsk , 900 metres from st . adalbert ' s hospital .
a french - inspired breakfast is served each morning .
they are at your disposal 24 hours a day .
the mayan ruins of xel ha is a 5 - minute drive from the house , while tulum archaeological site can be reached in a 25 - minute drive . explorean , an adventure park near playa del carmen , is 25 minutes ’ drive away .
the nearest airport is venice marco polo airport , 8 km from the property .
it provides a private bathroom , tv , telephone and minibar .
located in a gated community off interstate 4 exit 60 , these kissimmee holiday homes include a full kitchen and free wifi .
in the summer , a garden restaurant is available .
guests also get access to the 360o panoramic lookout in restaurant " la vista ".
there is a lift and a ski storage in the complex .
each spacious room here is decorated with mayan crafts , and will provide you with a balcony and a terrace .
a 20 - minute bus ride from liaocheng university , grace inn liuyuan road features accommodation with free wi - fi and flat - screen satellite tvs .
parking is available on site free of charge .
offering a restaurant , hotel country comfort is located in ella , a 5 - minute walk from from the ella railway station and ella town .
all apartments have a dvd player and satellite tv , a kitchen with a microwave , and a washing machine and a tumble dryer .
each room has a flat - screen tv . the rooms are equipped with a private bathroom .
with a balcony and free wifi , casa express fiera milano is an air - conditioned apartment in milan . it is 5 minutes ' walk from lotto fiera metro station , offering links to rho fiera and to milan cathedral .
offering an outdoor pool , ibis budget valence sud is located in valence .
britannia golf course is a 7 - minute drive from the property , while georgetown city centre , which boasts restaurants , bars and shops , is less than 4 km away .
each room includes a flat - screen tv . you will find a coffee machine in the room .
free wi - fi is available in all guest rooms at the hyatt place salt lake city airport .
breakfast is served there every morning .
a buffet breakfast is available .
the apartment comprises a kitchen with a microwave and a fridge , a bathroom with a shower , free toiletries and a hairdryer , a bedroom and a living room area .
the property is located 3 miles from central dewsbury and its railway station , and also the m62 motorway .
de waterkant luxury apartments are 20 km away from cape town international airport and airport transfers can be arranged .
all the rooms feature a wardrobe , fan and tiled floor .
the bedrooms at au bois des tilleuls have a private bathroom with a shower and a large mirror .
the 24 - hour reception desk provides information on local attractions .
free wi - fi and free private parking are provided . .
xi ke hotel is a 10 - minute walk from jinyuan times shopping plaza and a 15 - minute drive from revolutionary memorial hall .
place bellecour is 1 . 2 km away and lyon - part - dieu train station is 2 km from the apartment . old lyon and cathedrale st .
some have a dining area .
a chemist ' s shop , bar and restaurants , and taxi terminal are found in the surroundings .
each unit has a fully equipped kitchen or a kitchenette .
located in a historic building from the 1880s , the euro youth hotel features an antique wooden staircase , marble floors and chandeliers .
the hotel st .
the hotel morales ideally places guests only minutes from a number of popular points of interest .
the spacious rooms at angerhof are decorated in a classic style , and feature a balcony or terrace .
free wi - fi , a 24 - hour reception and air - conditioned rooms with flat - screen cable can be found at the zar colima .
each room comes complete with a tv and bathrobes .
some rooms have 2 separate bedrooms .
free wifi access is available .
the scenic town of corfu with the venetian fortress is a 15 - minute drive away .
certain units feature a seating area where you can relax .
each room comes with an en suite bathroom with shower and a hairdryer .
some apartments feature a private terrace .
a shopping centre is 500 metres away , while a tourist agency is 300 metres away . petrovaradin fortress is 4 km away .
apartment karla marksa 16 / 1 also includes a fitness centre . guests can enjoy a meal at the on - site restaurant , followed by a drink at the bar .
chambres d ' hôtes maison salvard is located in bitry , in burgundy , and it is set in a 19th - century house featuring a garden .
breakfast at the santoni is continental style , including a selection of fresh pastries and bread .
the motel can assist guests with car hire , airport shuttle services and general tourist information .
mar andino offers rooms with satellite tv and free wi - fi .
it is 1 km from twickenham stadium .
there is also a bar with an open fireplace .
rustaveli theatre is 13 km from guest house inga ' s garden , while tbilisi opera and ballet theatre is 13 km away .
decorated in warm tones , this apartment is fitted with wooden furnishings .
the property offers free private parking .
the nearest airport is reus airport , 13 km from one - bedroom apartment in golf sant jordi .
located a few steps from milan ’ naviglio pavese canal , naviglio pavese apartment is modernly furnished and comes with free wifi access throughout .
a rich breakfast buffet and mediterranean evening dishes are served in the uhrwerk restaurant .
it offers free wi - fi in the entire hotel and rooms with artwork of a popular latvian artist .
the kurtheatre bad kissingen theatre is an 8 - minute walk away .
each of the chalets at sítio da vovó features a balcony with a hammock , a cable flat - screen tv and a minibar .
if you feel like visiting the surroundings , check out disco tropics lloret ( 700 metres ) and lloret beach ( 1 . 3 km ). barcelona el prat airport is located 77 km from the property .
decorated with the nautical theme , the rooms also include ironing facilities .
bom fim hostel is located in porto alegre ’ s bom fim district , near various bars , restaurants , shops and supermarkets , and offers modern , colourful shared accommodation .
the hotel is 25 minutes by car from bordeaux - mérignac airport .
surrounded by the mountains of the allgäu alps , the nesselwanger hof offers bright rooms , free wifi internet access and an indoor heated pool .
all units come with a flat - screen tv with cable channels and a dvd player , an outdoor seating area and full air - conditioning .
seeb airport is 12 km away .
historic biltmore estate and winery is 23 miles away .
caretta resort is located in toroni , 39 km from ouranoupoli and 25 km from vourvourou .
located 6 km from denia , la sella tennis and golf offers an outdoor pool and a restaurant .
casa relax fam . d ' amata is 14 km from colosseum and circus maximus .
this palmira clover dream vacation home offers 3 - bedroom apartments and a common terrace with a bar and barbecue area .
the property offers free parking .
offering an a la carte restaurant , casa hotel las antillas is located in tolú .
there is a fitness centre and a business centre to accommodate guest needs .
la gomera airport is around 50 minutes ’ drive away .
you can also access the beach in 10 km .
car rental and airport transportation is also possible at an extra cost .
some rooms offer a panoramic terrace and wi - fi is free in public areas .
every room includes a flat - screen tv .
a massage service is available .
for your comfort , you will find slippers , free toiletries and a hairdryer .
each also includes an electric kettle and pre - packaged products for breakfast .
surrounded by lush tropical greenery , lak nilla guest house is conveniently located within 1 km from giritale bus station .
the bad brambach spa and wellness centre at the santé royale hotel features different pools , steam baths , and a jacuzzi .
the property offers free parking .
rovinj is 25 km from apartment jana 3 , while poreč is 41 km from the property .
a sweet and savoury breakfast buffet is provided each morning at the la loggetta hotel . breakfast includes coffee , milk and juice accompanied by homemade cakes , eggs and cheese .
skegness is just over 1 hour ’ s drive from the cathedral city of lincoln .
there is no on - site restaurant while countless local eateries are scattered around within easy reach .
an italian breakfast of croissants and cappuccino is provided daily .
free wifi is available in public areas .
accommodations at la calabaza feature a colorful décor , private bathrooms and lovely views of the garden and surrounding mountains .
some units have a seating area and / or balcony .
stephans albergo offers free wi - fi .
this farm is situated in a natural area which is also very popular for golfing , cycling and hiking .
a flat - screen tv with cable channels , as well as a cd player are featured .
featuring an outdoor pool and an a la carte restaurant , d ' palma lodge is located in oxapampa , 10 minutes from the main square and 15 minutes from yanachaga chemillen national park by car .
with a beautiful golf course of 60 hectares and an extensive sports complex , this stylish hotel offers tasteful accommodation and excellent facilities in picturesque waregem .
the 3 - bedroom apartment has 2 bathrooms , including a bath , shower and hairdryer .
just over 500 metres from grasmere lake .
the apartments at madame vacances residence les fleurs de lys come fully equipped with en suite facilities , kitchen , bedroom and living room .
each room comes with a flat - screen tv with satellite channels .
featuring a terrace , casa rural ca ferminet is located in benissili .
a children ' s playground is located at a distance of 150 metres .
cable tv , a microwave and a fridge are found in each room of valley oaks inn woodland .
situated in the western part of hvar , this property offers homely two - bedroom apartments with a terrace or balcony with partial sea views . apartments abba hvar is 400 metres from the beach and 850 metres from the city centre .
a supermarket , a restaurant and a shopping centre are 500 metres away from berger ferienwohnung .
the large restaurant specialises in polish cuisine .
located on sandhamn island , sands hotell offers a restaurant , bar and tastefully decorated rooms with free wi - fi access . stockholm city centre is 1 hour and 15 minutes away by boat .
each air - conditioned room combines modern art with furnishings made from natural materials .
zagreb airport is located 20 km away .
the facilities include a garden and a bbq .
free private parking is available on site .
varna airport is 8 km away .
you will find a shared lounge at the property .
an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings , including billiards and darts .
refreshments are also served on the terrace .
located 90 metres from the cornelia metro station and 3 km from st . peter ' s basilica in vatican city , cornelia house offers air - conditioned accommodation in rome . the apartment is 3 km from the vatican museums .
free wi - fi is offered in all guest rooms at westshore oceanfront .
the hintertux glacier is 16 km away .
the landgasthof räucherhansl features large rooms , free wi - fi and a traditional restaurant . it is located in the bavarian village of oberteisbach , just 8 km from the a92 motorway .
located in the centre of paris , studio rue de montmartre is 15 - minute walk from the louvre and pompidou museums .
all rooms have a cable tv and an attached bathroom with shower .
the nearest airport is adler - sochi international airport , 3 km from the property .
retreat villa boutique & spa is a 10 - minute drive from the famous angkor wat and a 15 - minute drive from siem reap international airport .
complete with a microwave , the dining area also has kitchenware and a dining table .
rooms come with a flat - screen tv with satellite channels . you will find a kettle in the room . each room has a private bathroom .
offering a seasonal outdoor pool and a private beach area , murite beach apartments - all inclusive is set in chernomorets .
a number of seafood restaurants can be found less than 10 minutes ’ walk away .
parking is available free of charge .
barbecue facilities are available in the garden with children ’ s playground .
this family - run hotel is in la vichona , just 5 minutes ’ drive from the centre of sanxenxo .
facilities provided include a games room and a 24 - hour front desk .
all the well - appointed units are equipped with a personal safe , minibar and flat - screen cable tv .
there is room service at the property .
victoria golf course and moreno valley mall are less than 6 miles away from this motel .
a microwave , fridge and coffee maker are provided in all rooms at the holiday inn truro . each warmly decorated room includes a seating area and a spacious work desk .
each air - conditioned apartment will provide you with an equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and an oven .
there is a full kitchen with a microwave and a refrigerator , and each room has an en suite bathroom with a shower and free toiletries .
it features a shared terrace , a garden with fruit trees , and rooms with a private sea - view terrace .
this motel 6 kingsland offers free wi - fi access throughout the property as well as coffee and tea in the lobby .
the property is a 15 - minute drive to kata and karon beaches .
the handcrafts market , the central park and the anthropology museum can be reached in 10 minutes by foot .
church of the savior on spilled blood is 2 . 3 km from the property .
guests can enjoy city view from the room .
guests can also use the shared kitchen and enjoy their meals in the common lounge .
the hotel is a 5 - minute walk from voronezh central bus station .
towels and bed linen are also provided .
room service is available .
towels and bed linen are featured at la casa azzurra .
laundry facilities are also provided .
the 6th street entertainment district is 12 miles from the hotel .
the accommodation provides a tv , a terrace and a hot tub .
khosta train station is 5 . 5 km from the property .
other facilities offered include a 24 - hour front desk and a furnished deck .
work desks and starbucks coffee service are also included .
prima b & b is situated a 15 - minute drive from sandakan airport and close to restaurants , as well as relaxation and entertainment options .
the unit is entirely decorated in shades of warm colours and features modern furnishing . household appliances include a flat - screen tv and air conditioning .
situated in ban chak phai , this detached holiday home features a garden with an outdoor pool and a year - round outdoor pool .
in both you will find a range of dining options and shops .
the nearest airport is vaclav havel prague airport , 13 km from the property .
this property is a 10 - minute drive to the beach .
the property offers an open and covered terrace and can accommodate up to 6 persons .
dobogoko is 43 km from apartment lorinci ii vecses , while visegrád is 46 km from the property .
pre - packaged products for breakfast and drinks are offered daily in your room .
the beach of agios gordios is a curving stretch of sand , shingle and pebbles , with warm , shallow waters that are perfect for snorkelling and safe for children .
featuring a modern décor , all rooms at gran marquise are equipped with air conditioning , minibar and a 32 " cable tv .
olbia costa smeralda airport is located 12 km away .
the property is located only a 30 - minute drive away from the city of basel .
new forest is a 20 - minute drive , and offers ancient woodlands and wilderness heaths . hengistbury head , a 36 metre high sandstone headland , is 5 minutes away by car .
there is a fully equipped kitchen , a living room with tv and an outdoor dining area .
this holiday village is next to lake pankasjön and mösseberg ski centre , just 5 minutes ’ drive from central falköping .
hope homes can assist guests with luggage storage , laundry and car rental services .
bright interiors , modern furniture and wooden floors make for a comfortable stay .
the shops of corso gelone are a 2 - minute walk from campi elisi .
it features a 24 - hour gym and free wi - fi .
fontanarossa international airport is 8 km away .
accommodation will provide you with a flat - screen tv , a seating area and satellite channels . there is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave . the modern bathroom comes with a shower over bathtub .
corvara is 46 km from romeo apartment , while sestri levante is 17 km from the property .
featuring warm colours , dark wood or iron beds and rustic details , all rooms at the lousios guesthouse have a flat - screen satellite tv .
residence urb .
lisbon international airport is 7 km from city stays chiado .
free on - site parking is provided .
a shared garden with free bbq facilities is available .
the kitchens include a pantry area and refrigerator .
located in the city centre of tbilisi , on the edge of roses park , park side features self - catering accommodations with free wi - fi and free private parking .
the split ferry port can be accessed within 1 . 7 km , while split airport is 21 km from the accommodation .
at centr ' appart you will find a garden , barbecue facilities and a terrace .
located 4 . 1 km from torrevieja marina in torrevieja , this air - conditioned apartment features a terrace with pool views .
set in a charming adobe house boasting mountain and river views , ifk lodge offers premium rooms with flat - screen tvs in huaran .
all air - conditioned studios of messes are equipped with a flat - screen , satellite tv .
elaf al modn hotel apartments is located in riyadh and offers self - catering accommodation .
the versalles is just 5 minutes ’ walk from the vibrant chueca district .
guests can access these facilities free of charge .
one agi torre quimeta apartment is set inside a restored mediaeval tower next to the apartment block .
two hot tubs offer guests a place to relax at paradise cove resort .
the catamaran port is 1 km from the property , while the ferries can be boarded 12 km away .
guests can go horseback riding within 3 km from the traveland poiana brasov and airport transfer to bucharest or sibiu is available upon request .
a launderette is located onsite .
free wifi is available throughout the property and free private parking is available on site .
there is a seating area and a kitchen complete with an oven , a microwave and a toaster .
the property offers free parking and wifi access .
simple and tastefully decorated rooms with free wi - fi can be enjoyed just a 15 - minute drive from pinamar beaches .
there is a living room with a sofa bed and tv .
private bathroom includes a shower with running hot and cold water .
a continental breakfast is also available for a lower price .
apartments vitaly gut on zoopark is 4 km from kaliningrad pass yuzhnyy train station and 23 km from khrabrovo airport .
bohemia plaza is 150 metres from the property , and cape palos is a 10 - minute drive away .
offering an outdoor swimming pool , the air - conditioned hotel has a restaurant serving breakfasts and mediterranean cuisine .
during the summer months guests can barbecue in the hotel ’ s garden .
the local casino is located within 400 metres of plaza hotel .
free wi - fi is available in the entire property .
the fully equipped kitchen comes with a nespresso coffee machine , dishwasher , microwave and refrigerator .
internet access is also available .
elefthérios venizélos airport is 22 km away .
wyndham köln provides air - conditioned rooms with free wi - fi , free tea / coffee facilities , a desk and safe .
the private bathrooms are fitted with a shower and also come with free toiletries and slippers .
it features an outdoor pool , daily continental breakfast and free wi - fi .
a range of shops , restaurants , and bars are available within a 2 - minute walk of the property .
bike hire is available at this homestay and the area is popular for hiking .
the vytautas magnus university is within 300 metres .
portela airport is less than 5 km from the hotel , and private parking is available .
erdek district centre is within 4 . 5 km .
this country house has 2 acres of award - winning gardens , a swimming pool , and stunning views of the coast .
casa joanot is located in the mountain village of irán , in catalunya ’ s alta ribagorza region .
a bus station is 2 km away .
the living room comes with a flat - screen satellite tv , dvd player and cd player .
free wi - fi is available on site .
most rooms feature a balcony .
it is 100 km from aluva railway station and 130 km from cochin international airport .
located in tamerville , la romantique duckerie avec spa is 23 km from cherbourg and the sea .
free private parking is also available on site .
located in arkhangelsk , this apartment features free wifi .
the great barrier island ferry terminal is 35 minutes ' drive away .
a bathroom with free toiletries , a hairdryer and slippers comes standard .
the 4 - star best western hotel excelsior offers individually furnished guest rooms painted in warm pastel tones , which are spread over 4 floors .
extras include ironing facilities and a fan .
it features free continental breakfast and free wi - fi in common areas .
featuring a bathrobe , bathrooms also come with a bath or a shower , free toiletries and towels .
all rooms are equipped with bathrobes , a hairdryer and a minibar .
villa lochana offers accommodation in dalupotha . free private parking is available on site .
a terrace or balcony with are featured in certain rooms .
studios at the princess include satellite tv and a modern bathroom .
apartments at kamay cafayate are fitted with fully - equipped kitchens , flat - screen tvs and patios . each of them includes a wardrobe , a fan , a sofa and a complete bathroom .
a continental and cooked breakfast is served daily in inyathi ' s breakfast room , which features local artwork .
wi - fi is free only for the first 60 minutes and surcharges will apply afterwards .
laundry and dry cleaning services are also provided upon request .
guests at the gateway can start their morning with a complimentary continental breakfast or with a swim in the outdoor pool , before playing a round of golf at the golf course , located adjacent to the hotel .
a buffet breakfast is also provided .
en suite bathrooms come with a bathtub .
parking is free .
offering an outdoor pool , free breakfast , and a restaurant , finca hotel villa exito is located in la mesa .
massage services are available .
the bedrooms and living rooms feature carpeted floors .
the self - catered unit contains a balcony , as well as a bedroom , a living room with a seating and dining area , a separate kitchen and a bathroom .
you can relax with a drink by the swimming pool and enjoy the peaceful surroundings .
each room here will provide you with a tv , air conditioning and laptop .
massage treatments are available in the spa centre upon request .
offering a terrace and views of the sea , palazzo donn ' anna room with a view is situated in posillipo , naples .
it features a sun terrace where you can enjoy drinks from the bar . parking is free .
in the surroundings you will find shops ( 1 km ) and a restaurant ( 200 m ).
it is 6 km to jurgów ski lift and 14 km to the town of zakopane .
the centre of donauworth is a 10 - minute drive from donau - ries , and augsburg is 35 km away .
located 700 metres from hungarian national museum , somogyi apartman offers pet - friendly accommodation in budapest . the apartment is 700 metres from dohany street synagogue .
the rising sun is ideal for the historic spa town of cheltenham , as well as winchcombe and many pretty cotswold villages .
each room includes a private bathroom with a bath and bidet , with bath robes provided .
light and calmly furnished , each room features a private bathroom with free toiletries and a hairdryer .
mariquita airport is 53 km away .
rio vermelho is only a 5 - minute drive from praça civica .
free on - site parking is available for cars , trucks , and buses at bay city regency inn .
it offers free wi - fi throughout , a garden , and air - conditioned accommodation with satellite flat - screen tv .
each room here will provide you with air conditioning . there is a full a kitchenette with a microwave and a refrigerator .
after a busy day , why not let the restaurant spoil you with a choice of excellent regional and international dishes , and a glass of fine wine from the wine cellar .
copying and printing services are available without charge .
accommodation appia nuova offers air - conditioned accommodation in rome , just 90 metres from the colli albani metro station .
services include currency exchange and ticketing services .
the state museum is 600 metres away , while lake pátzcuaro is 4 km away .
the town ’ s centre is within 500 metres .
sauna and hot tub are available in the facility located in the centre of ostrzyce .
the nearest airport is elefthérios venizélos airport , 19 km from the property .
barbecue facilities are at guests ’ disposal .
situated on a private stretch of sulu beach , this resort offers air - conditioned cottages .
the property is close to a bus stop offering links to bari and the miulli hospital .
all meals are served buffet style .
puerta del sol and its many shops , bars and restaurants can be reached in 20 minutes by metro .
they all have satellite tv and a minibar .
art hotel managua is a property offering its guests free breakfast with the rate .
guests are invited to explore fabulite ’ s garden and free wi - fi is available throughout the hotel .
at just 100 metres from campo grande metro station , the hotel has a 24 - hour fitness centre , 12 conference rooms and high - speed wifi access throughout .
air - conditioned guest rooms are fitted with a minibar , tea / coffee making facilities and a flat - screen tv .
it offers air - conditioned rooms , free private parking , a buffet - style breakfast and wifi is free in rooms and shared areas .
several restaurants can be found within a short walk of the the property .
this charming hotel offers individually decorated rooms with free wi - fi , many with a terrace overlooking the garden .
the self - catered flo apartments are located at various locations in brasov , within 350 metres from the train station .
there is a 24 - hour front desk and shops at the property .
samel hotel offers double and triple rooms , all with balcony , air conditioning , minibar and tv .
other facilities offered at the property include an ironing service .
the hotel offers a choice of spacious overground or underground rooms .
featuring a wide garden with fruit trees and bbq facilities , b & b de monte castelnuovo is characterised by partial stone walls and rustic interiors .
this unique hotel is set in the green citadel of an iconic building designed by hundertwasser . located on the cathedral square in the heart of magdeburg , the arthotel offers a sauna and free wifi .
currency exchange and babysitting services are also available .
the property offers free parking .
on request meals prepared with organic produce from the orchard can be prepared .
condo - boutique also includes a hot tub .
this alpine - style hotel offers a peaceful location with beautiful views of the dolomites , 2 . 5 km from the centre of rocca pietore .
the stopera music theatre and opera house is a 5 - minute walk away .
the 2 bathrooms come with a shower and a hairdryer and there are 3 toilets .
fax , printing and photocopying facilities are provided .
there is a closed yard inside the building .
100 metres away .
tivat airport is 67 km away .
continental breakfast is included .
it houses a traditional indian spa . an outdoor pool and fitness centre also await guests .
each room comes with a cable tv and private en suite bathroom with amenities .
little suite - victoire also comes with an open - plan kitchenette . it includes a fridge , an oven and a microwave . an electric kettle and a coffee machine are also provided for your convenience .
wifi access is available .
private bathrooms come with a bath or shower .
some rooms have furnished balconies with city views .
offering free wired internet , apartments ivana - iva is a self - catering accommodation located in zadar .
there are also barbecue facilities on the terrace .
the air - conditioned rooms all come with a flat - screen tv and some have a terrace .
free wi - fi access is available .
if offers free wi - fi throughout the hotel .
karaoke nights are organised in the summer .
there are parking restriction on the street but permits can be arranged for a small additional charge .
it features air - conditioned rooms with balcony or patio offering views to the aegean sea .
hotel galícia is 6 km from maracanã stadium , and 16 km from galeão international airport .
there is a selection of places to eat in dungiven , around 10 minutes ’ drive away .
florence is a 1 - hour drive away .
the cross roads business park and marquette business park are within 5 minutes ’ drive of this hotel .
the property is 100 metres from cavour metro station and less than 10 minutes ’ walk from termini central station .
a 32 " satellite led tv , orthopedic mattresses , hairdryer and iron are also included .
guests can choose to enjoy it in their room .
located in the village of nyaung shwe , thanakha inle hotel offers modern air conditioned rooms with free wifi .
free wifi is provided throughout the property .
free wi - fi and free mountain bikes are provided .
it is located on the hotel ' s side of the city , which allows for easier access to the airport .
located 3 miles from rocktenn , this jonesboro motel features free wireless internet access and local calls .
the nearest beach is 450 metres away .
akorn and squirrel pension is a 10 - minute drive from local dining outlets and a 5 - minute drive from bomun lake .
complete with a refrigerator , the dining area also has an electric kettle .
free parking is available outside the hotel .
bed linen is offered .
the studio apartment at the gyönyörű zöld comes with a terrace overlooking the garden , a well - equipped kitchen and satellite tv .
each apartment has a washing machine .
a full kitchen with a microwave , refrigerator , stovetop and oven is provided in the cinnamon shores condos by turnkey vacation rentals . there is also a spacious living area with a sofa and cable tv .
casa al centro inn b & b is located in the town ' s centre , walking distance from a bus station , and 15 minutes ' drive from leon airport .
all apartments at artemis have free wi - fi , a living room with satellite tv , 2 balconies and a fully equipped kitchenette with fridge and coffee maker .
guests can relax on the garden or take a walk along the lakeshore .
roman holidays house marconi is a two - bedroom apartment with free wifi , situated in rome . this apartment is a 10 - minute walk from trastevere train station .
guests of karczma u dargoscha can organise a barbecue or bonfire on site .
shanghai new international expo centre is 15 km away while shanghai disney resort is 9 km away .
the owner , marianne , is a massage therapist and offers various relaxing massages by appointment .
the property offers free parking .
milan linate airport is 29 km away .
at hostal boutique esquina elquina b & b guests will find a garden . the property offers free parking .
all of them have fully - equipped kitchens and dining areas .
featuring a shower , private bathrooms also come with free toiletries . the heated accommodations also have a wardrobe .
for your comfort , you will find slippers , free toiletries and a hairdryer .
willa malinowa is housed in a highlander - style wooden building in zakopane , a 5 - minute drive from the popular krupówki street .
the hotel is a 15 - minute drive to mall puncak .
each room at this guest house is air conditioned and comes with a flat - screen tv . you will find a kettle in the room .
there is a fully equipped kitchen with a refrigerator and kitchenware .
the relais du pont de normandie is a former16th - century wine press house , situated a 10 - minute drive from the normandy bridge and 3 km from honfleur .
located in batumi , merabi guest house offers rooms , suites and studios with free wifi access .
free wi - fi is available in public areas .
pantnagar ginger is 8 km from rudrapur railway station . it is 38 km from the nainital lake and 40 km from the china peak .
all rooms include a private bathroom fitted with a shower .
all rooms have a bathroom with a shower , toiletries and a hairdryer .
pudong airport is about 100 km away .
choose from a selection of traditional , local recipes , and mediteranean flavours .
rooms are quiet and comfortable with satellite tv , telephone and private bathroom with hair dryer .
the apartment is provided with a satellite - tv , and a cd / dvd player .
renowned falésia beach is 2 km from the property and is one of the algarve ’ s most popular destinations .
after admiring its historic buildings , eat out at one of the pizzerias here , where you can enjoy lovely views over the countryside .
offering a restaurant , casa real celaya is located in celaya ’ s industrial park , 5 minutes ’ drive from the city centre .
other facilities offered include a shared lounge , individual lockers and a tour desk .
for those who wish to catch up with their last - minute work , fax and photocopying facilities are provided .
you also enjoy discounts for several restaurants and shops in leysin as well as for the wellness centre and swimming pool of the partner hotel nearby .
there is a seating area , a dining area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher and an oven .
the ahornbahn is just 300 metres from the premises .
aswan airport is 20 minutes by car .
guests can enjoy the on - site restaurant .
laguardia airport is 7 km away .
additional facilities include a dining area .
le rex hôtel spacious rooms include a bathroom with glass walls and a curtain for privacy .
there is also a kitchen , complete with an oven , dishwasher , and washing machine .
murcia - san javier airport is 17 km from the property .
a continental breakfast with croissants , jams and seasonal fruits is served daily .
the bed and breakfast is 4 . 9 km from amsterdam central station , 4 . 3 km from dam square and 3 . 5 km from leidseplein .
visitors to nearby phantasialand benefit from the shuttle service located just 300 metres from the accommodation .
